But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.	But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.	Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.	Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.	The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.	Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.	More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."	Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.	The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.	The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.	A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.	Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.	The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.	In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.	Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.	Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.	In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.	The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.	They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.	At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.	The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.	Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.	The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10.
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.	Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.	It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.	But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.	Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.	The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.	The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.	Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.	Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.	Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.	While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.	But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.	Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.	Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.
Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."	"I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill," Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday.
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.	The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.	Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.	There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.	The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.	The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.	Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.	To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".	However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.	The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.	House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.	The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.	So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.	The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.	On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.	Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.	Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.	In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.	Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.	A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.	He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.	In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.	The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.	An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.	But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.	Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.
"I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job," she said.	Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.	The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.	The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".	The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.	The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.	Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.	He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.	Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.	Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.	Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.	A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.	FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.	Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.	Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
Mr Pollard said: "This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.	Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: "This is a shocking blow for James's family.
"I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California," Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.	"I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money," Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.	Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.
"They were tossed around like feathers," Gordon said.	"The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers."
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.	Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
"IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete," Barrett said.	"IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete" with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said.
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.	Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.	Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.	The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.	BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
"Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer," it said.	The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.	The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.	The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.	The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration.
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.	Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.	Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.	"MediaMax performs EXACTLY as "advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement.
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.	But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.	Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.	The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.	U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.	The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.	Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics.
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.	Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.	Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.	King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.	Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.	The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.	Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
"I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it".	"I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way," he said.
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.	The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.	That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.	Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.	He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.	Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.	The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.	Innocent or not, "she's damaged goods," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York.
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.	The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.	Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.	Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.	Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.	Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.	Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night.
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.	Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).	The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.	The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.	U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.	One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
"Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism," Mr Howard said.	Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.	In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.	Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.	BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult.
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.	Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.	The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.	Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.	Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
"The figures are becoming catastrophic," said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.	This is unacceptable," said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors.
"Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough," Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.	"What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough," Covello said.
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.	The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday.	The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.	Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $355 million.
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.	Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.	Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.	A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.	The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.	LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit.
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.	A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care.
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.	Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.	Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.	Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.	Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.	Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported.
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.	The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."	"We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable," London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.	Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.	The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago.
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.	The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.	About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.	The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.	In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.	Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.	Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'".
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.	The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.	The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.	But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal.
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.	OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.	Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.	"My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen," Ezzell said.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.	The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.	Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."	"What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do."
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.	Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.	Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat.
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.	There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.	Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.	A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.	The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.	World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.	The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.	Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency.
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."	"I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately," he said.
A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."	The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.	It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.	Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.	People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
"Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," the specialist said yesterday.	"But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," he said.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.	Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.	In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97.
For the entire season, the average five-day forecast track error was 259 miles, Franklin said.	"The average track error for the five-day (forecast) is 323 nautical miles.
Rich media doubled its share, increasing from 3% in Q2 2002 to 6% in Q2 2003.	Rich Media interactive ad formats doubled their share from 3% in second quarter of 2002, to 6% in the second quarter of 2003.
"It appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances," Burke said.	Said Mr. Burke: "It was a textbook landing considering the circumstances."
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.	By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.	Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.	Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.	France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.	Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home.
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.	As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.	Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.	The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.	The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.	Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.	Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
Added Mr. Prodi: "Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness."	"Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world.
"I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him," Kerry said.	"I marched in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War," she said.
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.	In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.	In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.	While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.	The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
"This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved," investigation board member Steven Wallace said.	"This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically," said board member Steven Wallace.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588.
"Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through," she said.	She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.	At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant.
"There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN," he said.	He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
"It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't," said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.	"It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't," said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation.
"City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees," says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg.	"I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees," U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.	Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.	Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.	"This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here."
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.	Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.	But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.	He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.	Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568.
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.	Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to "overweight" by Lehman.
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.	She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
"We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue," the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.	China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus’ radio.	Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio.
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.	In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.	Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, aren’t indigenous to Wisconsin.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.	Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.	In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.	"Reloaded" is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.	In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.	The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.	The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servant’s time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.	The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.	Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month.
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.	The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.	Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.	He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.	Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.	Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.	The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," they announced at a press conference yesterday.	"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.	But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.	Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.	Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.	The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.	His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.	U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.	The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week.
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.	Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.	It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.	Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.	Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.	Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.	Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.	I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.	A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.	Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.	The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.	A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."	The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.	CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.	"It's not zero," said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.	She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."	If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.	On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube.
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.	He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.	The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.	Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.	Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.	The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.	He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.	The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.	Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.	Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
"The European Union is basically absent," said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.	Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.	Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.	In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.	The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.	Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."	We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?	Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.	Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.	Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
"It was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games," Thomas said.	"We're in the Stanley Cup finals, and it was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games.
From Broadway comedies like "The Seven Year Itch" (1952), "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?"	Playwright George Axelrod, who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.	"Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated," Mackey said in a statement.
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.	Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25.
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.	Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.	Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.	Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said.
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.	A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.	US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan. 8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.	BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.	"I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups," Bloomberg said.
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.	The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.	That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."	The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.
"We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.	"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.	International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.	Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.	The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said.
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.	The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said.
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.	The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
"I notice a mood change in their priorities," one politician said.	"I notice a mood change in their priorities," said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
"But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition."	"The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease," Manson said.
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.	Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.	The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.	The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago.
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.	BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.	Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.	Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.	Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.	The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.	He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.	Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.	The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.	With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.	Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.	Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.	According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.	Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.	The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.	Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.	Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.	Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.	Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.	It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.	The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.	The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8.
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.	National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.	The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.	The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".	"However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.	The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.	ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.	The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.	The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.	Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC.
Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."	The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.	The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.	He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.	With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.	On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.	The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
"There is the real potential for a secondary collapse," Gov. James McGreevey said.	The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.	With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘‘taikong,’’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission.	The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.	HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.	Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term.
"These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages," the statement continued.	Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
"People are obviously inconvenienced," said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	"We're being hyper-vigilant," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.	The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters.
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.	Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.	The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters.
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.	The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
Sources say agents confiscated "several" documents he was carrying.	Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him.
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.	Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office.	The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff's office.
"I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel," said Silver.	"I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley,'' the Silver statement said. "
I think we made the right case and did the right thing."	Mr Blair went on: "I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq.
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.	His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.	License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.	Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.	"He hasn't got much choice," said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.	The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.	The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.	The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
"Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California.	"I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it."
"I really liked him and I still do," Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.	And I really liked him, and I still do.
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.	For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.	It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply," said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.	Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said "I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal.	The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion.
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.	Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.	When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.	Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.	SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said.	A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
"It is about a third of what I owe in the world," he told reporters.	It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world.
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.	That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.	Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.	Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters.
According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.	The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
"This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally."	"This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally," Judge Denny Chin scoffed.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.	At 12:10 p.m. EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29.
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.	Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.	The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.	Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent.
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.	DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
So was Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of "Frankie and Johnny."	Edie Falco was not nominated for "Frankie and Johnny."
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.	Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the Tuesday runoff.
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.	Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.	Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.	The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.	It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.	GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
"Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end," said Hit resident Abu Qasim.	"Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end."
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.	Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.	British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.	Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.	Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.	Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.	Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday's big rally.
From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.	But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.	AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.	The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.	While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.	On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
"I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier," James said.	"I'm really excited about going to Cleveland," James told ESPN.com.
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.	According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.	Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.	The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.	"Our outcomes are very encouraging," George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire.	Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire, Fischi said.
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.	Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday.	Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday.
Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.	Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.	Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.	Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.	Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.	Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.	Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.	The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough.
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.	The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.	Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.	Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.	Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer "find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."	Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer."
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.	Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17.
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.	Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.
He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .	Next week, John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange, will take up his position.
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.	The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.	On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
"Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.	The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.
"It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.	Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".	Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.	Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.	Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
"If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you," said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.	"If you pass this bill," Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, "Big Brother will be watching you."
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.	Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.	Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.	Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.	Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.	He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.
Revenues for "The Hulk" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, "X2: X-Men United," which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend.	The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.	On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.	To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.	Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.	The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.	An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after gaining 5.7 percent last week.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.	The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.	That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.	The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.	The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.
"What can I say to you?" he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.	Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
They said they had concluded that the film failed "to present a balanced portrayal" of the Reagans.	CBS said the show "does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience.
"We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible," Kennedy said.	"There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible," Commissioner Susan Kennedy said.
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.	She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.	Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.	The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.	Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.	The company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $8.98.
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.	He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.	On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.	But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.	This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).	Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.	They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat "who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."	They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.	That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.	The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.	Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.
The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share.	Shares of M&T, which is based in Buffalo, fell 41 cents, to $91.51.
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.	Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.	Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.	Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier.
Consumer groups are against the changes, saying they hurt individuality in markets.	Consumer groups oppose the changes, saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires.
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.	Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.	The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.	Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
"It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan," where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.	"It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan," says one banker.
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.	The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.	A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."	"I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law," he said.
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.	Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.	Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
"PNC regrets its involvement" in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.	James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.	Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.	The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.	Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.	Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.	Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93.	Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93.
Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.	Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.	The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.	"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.	Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer.
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.	Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.	A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.	The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.	A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.	The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.	Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
"We've become like total strangers," Klein quotes him as saying.	"We've become like total strangers," John told a pal two days before his death.
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.	Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.	Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
Scrimshaw, Supervisor, Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field.	Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
"It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.
"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."	"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow," added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.	Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.	Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.	Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.	The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.	South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.	The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.	Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.	This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.	Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.	To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.	Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.	The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million.
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.	The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.	The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system.
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.	Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.	Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.	The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive.
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.	He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.	The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.	The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said.
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.	Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.	The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification.
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.	Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
"Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud," prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.	"Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results," Buell said.
"It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses," said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.	"Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses," said Gammerman.
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.	Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.	The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.
"The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead."	The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims "may signal more favorable economic times ahead," she said.
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.	The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.	Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.	"But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali."
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.	However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.	Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.	The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio.
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.	Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.	Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures.
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.	A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.	Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.	After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.	For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.	Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.	US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.	Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.	The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.	U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.	His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.	Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.	Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.
The workers accuse General Dynamics of "reverse age discrimination" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.	General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.	The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.	A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.	"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," they said.
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.	Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said.
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment," Daschle wrote.	"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight," Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.	Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found.
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.	NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.
Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.	MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year.
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.	She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea.
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.	In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.	Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.	"We were seconds away from having that happen," Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
"The issue has been resolved," Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.	The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved."
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.	On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.	A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups.
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.	McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.	The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus.
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.	He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections.
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.	Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.	But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.	The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
"In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history," Bush said.	Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history.
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.	Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.	Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.	He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea.
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.	He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.	As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.	Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team.
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.	She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, "Our journey into space will go on."	Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and saying, "Our journey into space will go on."
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.	"The Hulk" took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record.
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.	The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed.
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.	Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.	After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59.
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.	Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.	Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.	Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.	Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.	Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.	Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".	"We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms," Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.	Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.	MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.	Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.	"Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers," writes Barrenas.
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.	Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.	The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.	In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.	Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."	Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would "need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.	Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.	One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
"We are expending all available resources toward the investigation," said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.	"We are aware of the situation," said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
But they don’t realize that until it’s too late (of course) because they’re potential victims in a horror movie.	But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.	An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.	The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.	Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.	With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.	Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
"This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting," said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.	Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.	Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.	The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.	The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.	The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.	More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.	Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.	The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares.
"If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism," he said.	This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.	Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."	In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.	That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.
If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.	If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.	He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.	Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.	The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.	Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.	A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.	The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.	Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.
"Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so," chief executive Marce Fuller said.	"Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court," Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.	The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.	The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.	Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.	Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.	The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.	"The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives."
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.	His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.	The mock explosion of a radioactive "dirty bomb," the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area.
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.	Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board.	Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says.
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.	McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.	Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.	Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.	The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.	Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.	Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.	Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
It seemed like an isolated incident," said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science.	It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C.
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.	TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.	The damages included $24 million in compensatory damages and $52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.	The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.	In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.
Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.	Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.	That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.	Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
"The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.	But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.
A 32-count indictment "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.	The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," Jiménez said.
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.	On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.	California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early.	In other markets, U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.	"We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy," said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director.
I was going to the court believing I could do this, only if I played my best tennis.	"I was believing that I was confident I could do this, but only in the case I would play my best tennis.
Dotson told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.	Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
Dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.	He said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close on Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.	PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three in the ninth and allowed only an infield single by Greg Norton.	Closer Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three of the four batters he faced in the ninth.
Blair's government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action.	Britain included the accusation in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for war in Iraq.
Not counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent.	Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launching site in the Gobi Desert.	The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next Wednesday and Friday from a launching site in the Gobi Desert.
Hong Kong was flat, Australia , Singapore and South Korea lost 0.2-0.4 percent.	Australia was flat, Singapore was down 0.3 percent by midday and South Korea added 0.2 percent.
SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with "ELF" and other slogans, and another was set ablaze in front of a house, Sgt. Tom Wright said.	Several SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with ``ELF'' and other slogans, said Sgt. Tom Wright.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.	There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.	The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
"They drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away," he said on Sunday.	"What they are doing right now is they drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away.
At Tuesday's arraignment hearing, Marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of making false statements.	At the hearing he pleaded not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statements charges.
Still, revenues from the extra premiums would not be huge.	How would the extra premiums be collected?
The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision is a victory for Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.	The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision was seen by some insiders as a victory for Powell and the State Department.
Aiken's study appears in the Sept. 24 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.	The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association.
Semiconductor giant Intel Corp. said yesterday that its second-quarter profits doubled from a year ago as stronger-than-expected demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business.	Intel Corp.'s second-quarter profits doubled and revenues grew 8 percent from a year ago as the chip-making giant reported stronger-than-expected demand for personal computer microprocessors.
A Merrill Lynch spokesman said "we are pleased with the judge's decision."	"We are very pleased with the judge's decision," Merrill said yesterday.
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.	Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.	Stefani's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.	The update packages help "automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool," which is unpleasantly vague.
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.	From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, "He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.	The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.	"The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals," the Korean Energy Development Organization said.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.	But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.
Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said.	Sally Baldwin, from York, was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station.
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.	The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
WorldCom's accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.	WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.	The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.	They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.	Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.	Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close.
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.	Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.	The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.	The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.	Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.	A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.	In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share.
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.	Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.	Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.	Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.	The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.	Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982.
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.	Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.	McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.	The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.	It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.	He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
"It's a huge black eye," said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.	"It's a huge black eye," Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal.
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	"I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat."
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.	Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.	In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.	He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.	The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.	One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.	But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.	He has a very good reputation," RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant.
A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.	France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.	Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" in the United States.
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."	She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.	State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million.
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.	Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.	An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.	Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.	AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.	More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.	Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.	She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.	The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.	Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.	Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.	His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.	The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.	The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.	A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.	Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".	"At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken," said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.	In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days.
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.	The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during competition Wednesday.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.	Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.	And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.	The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia.
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.	And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre.
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.	Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.	Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.	Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.	Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.	"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," Mrs Clinton writes.
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.	Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.	Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat.
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares.
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.	This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.	About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.	Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.	In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.	Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River.
"I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers," said McKechnie.	The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said.
"Fighting continued until midnight," western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.	"They ransacked and burned the two villages completely," rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.	It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
"Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.	Generally unwanted—and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent —spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes.
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.	U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.	The decision came after "listening to our customers and associates," Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said.
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".	"It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better."
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.	Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.	The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines," said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections.
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.	A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.	BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19.
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.	Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.	In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.	The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.	When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."	Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.	Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.	A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.	After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.	A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.	Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion.
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.	Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.	At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition.
"I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"	Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean?
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.	Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring the NYSE's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry.
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.	The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.	The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.	The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point.
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.	For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the country’s only park dedicated to ancient ruins.
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.	They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.	His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.	She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.	Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists.
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.	Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.	A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
"Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.	We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.	In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy.
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.	The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.	Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.	"This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community.
North American markets finished mixed in directionless trading Monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight.	North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.
As well as the dolphin scheme, the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.	Internal chaos has allowed foreign companies to set up damaging commercial logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.
The value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to Corel.	Including convertible securities, the total estimated value of the deal is $124 million, according to Corel.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.	The Standard and Poor's 500-stock index, a broad collection of equities representing leading companies, finished its best quarter yesterday since the last three months of 1998.
The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.	The court's three-judge tribunal was expected to give its verdict next February.
He started in the 1983 Super Bowl, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.	He played four seasons in Miami, including the Dolphins' 27-17 loss to Washington in the Super Bowl.
The consensus among Wall Street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share.	Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.
"I know of no pressure," said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.	"I know of nobody who pressured anybody," Douglas Feith, undersecretary of defense for policy, said at a Pentagon briefing.
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.	Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.	Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.
"But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."	Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.	Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".	Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “victim” of a fraud.
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.	That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."	My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.	But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.	Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.	Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
"She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	"She was crying and she was really scared," said Yasin.
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.	The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.	The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.	Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
"Frank Quattrone is innocent," Keker said in a statement.	Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.	Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.	The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.	LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.	Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?	Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
"I think it should have been released years ago," said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.	Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues.
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	"[They] were defined by dedication and courage," said the CIA's director George Tenet.
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.	Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday.
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.	Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.	PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.	Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
"These are dark days for our industry," Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.	"These are dark days for our industry," the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.	Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.	The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY= , virtually flat on the session, and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF= , down 0.1 percent.
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.	Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings.
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.	Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.	Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.	In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century.
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.	The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.	It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.	IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.	Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden.
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.	The protesters denounced the country's supreme leader, hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.	Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.	But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.	Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.	North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.	A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.	The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30.
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.	The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.	His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.	It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.	The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.	At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.	Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.	The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.	A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.	But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.	In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.	PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
"This decision is clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.	The decision is "clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Tim Muris said.
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.	A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.
"It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation," said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.	"It was a brazen attempt at intimidation," said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.	An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.	"It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist," the source said.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.	The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.	JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.	"This proposal is modest compared with the space programme, and may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to it.
But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.	But the bureau never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi—despite receiving prior information he was a secret Saudi agent, the report says.
"It's going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.	"That really affects the companies, big time," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.	After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.	What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".	"The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators," Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday.
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.	In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore.
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.	Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.	The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.	The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer".
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.	The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.	Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.	"In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons."
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.	"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.	Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.	Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.	A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.	The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.	Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible".
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.	Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor "large scale bribery" would solve the issue.
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.	At the accident scene, the driver was "covered in blood" but helped to remove children, Wood said.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.	The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.	Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
"Three Weeks in October" goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.	Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area.
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.	Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.	Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.	The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar, last up 1 percent at $1.6672.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."	Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results.
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.	The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.	One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.	Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.	That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it.
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.	He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.	The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.	Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.	In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.	In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.	Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.	Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.	A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.	The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.	Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations.
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.	It has a chequered safety record, including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths.
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.	About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.	Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.	The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.	In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.	A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.	On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.	The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.
"And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	"I was in the water for about eight seconds.
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.	Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder.
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.	Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas.
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.	Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	"It has outraged the membership," said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.	Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.	U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.	Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents.
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.	Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.	Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.	Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.	In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.	But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.	But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path.
"I do not wish to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.	"Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness," Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.	National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.	Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
"I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.	"I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else," Parrish said.
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.	Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.	Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.	Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.	Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.	The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.	One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.	By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.	Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.	EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.	Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.
"This is extraordinarily fast," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.	They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.	The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, also known as LINEAR.
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.	Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.	There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.
"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."	He urged employees to "avoid complacency" and to "change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.	Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.	We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
"These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate," Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.	These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice.
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.	In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.	The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied.
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.	Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.	One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.	The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.	The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties.
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.	Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.	That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.	There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.	The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday.
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.	A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.	Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent.
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.	The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.	Lee Janzen, tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane (67) at 269.
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.	In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.	It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.	That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.	Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.	LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.	Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.	MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.	The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.	The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.	Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.	Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.	But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.	Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.	On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday: "The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa'ida are insufficient."	"The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient.
Dotson was arrested Monday in his native Maryland and charged with murder.	Dotson, 21, was subsequently charged with Dennehy's murder.
The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003.	The offer is also subject to Goldman signing an agreement with Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by Sept. 30, it said.
The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.	The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.	Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented.
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	United has paid $34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets.
Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	Shelley's office released signature counts late Friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far.
Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	On Tuesday, before Byrd's speech, Fleischer said Bush wanted ''to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing.
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.	"The whole thing is a travesty," fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
"They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case."	"It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case," Sax added.
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.	Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.	The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.	He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
"They've been in the stores for over six weeks," says Carney.	The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks," Carney added.
"Let's show we won't let them off," said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.	"The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum, and we won't give up," said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."	Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.	Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.	He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates.	The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them.
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.	McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.	Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state.
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.	The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	"We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously," he said.
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.	The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam.
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.	Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.	The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.	Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.	The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.	He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.	O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.	In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.	The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.
"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	"We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place," he said.
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.	July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs.
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.	The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.	Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.	Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.	The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.	As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department.
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.	Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.	The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.	Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.	Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition.
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.	"I'm very proud of the citizens of this state," said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.	Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.	Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.	Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.	Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.	Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.	Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.	Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.	Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.	Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share.
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation.
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.	Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said.	Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side.
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.	People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.	The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.	The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.	Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.	The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.	Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.	The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.	According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.	Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.	Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV.
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .	Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.	The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was "not an international public health concern."
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.	Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.	"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).	HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.	In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.	Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485.
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.	Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.	Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said.
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.	Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.	Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year.
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.	The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.	The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.	Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.	Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread.
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.	The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.	The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.	U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday.
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.	Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.	The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.	The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.	Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.	Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
It got up on his personal radar screen this past week, I've given him my pitch and he was quite supportive," he said.	"It got up on his personal radar screen in the past week, and I had to get my pitch.
In September, a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory.	In a case in August, a 27-year-old laboratory worker in Singapore developed SARS.
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.	A reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector, while a number below that level indicates contraction.
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.	Supporters asked a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building.
Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.	Johnston made $5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president, and as a part-time adviser earned $1 million in 2002.
That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said.	A black pickup truck was also seen in the Campbells Creek area, Morris said.
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.	But in the first 30 seconds of the bout, family members knew it was an uneven match, Jodie Meyers, Stacy Young's sister, said.
Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing.	FCC chief Michael Powell presides over hearing Monday.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.	On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1.
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.	Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times.
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	"I would rather be talking about positive numbers rather than negative.
Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	Under the program, US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States.
Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.	In 1999, two years before his death, Mr. Nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face would outlive him by many years.
One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday.	Her 20-year-old sister, Allyson, was severely burned and remained hospitalized in critical condition.
On Wednesday, the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603.	As of yesterday, the total number of National Guard and Reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603.
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	Telemarketing Associates, hired by VietNow, raised $7.1 million from 1987 to 1995.
The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, were recovered from below Mt D'Archiac late yesterday morning.	Warren David Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, did not return as expected on Tuesday from climbing on Mt D'Archiac in the McKenzie District.
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.	He had been in protective custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April, officials said.
The 2000 Democratic platform supported "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation."	The Democrat's 2000 platform didn't explicitly support gay marriages but backed "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families into the life of the nation."
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.	The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading.
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.	Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist.
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.	Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.	Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.	Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002.
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.	The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.	A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.	Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.	He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.	A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.	Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.	Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.	Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.	Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.	In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.	Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.	Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.	The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.	The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.	In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.	The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.	Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.	The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush.
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.	With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.	As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.	PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
"If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting," he said.	And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting," he said to thunderous applause from his supporters.
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.	WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
"It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	The Maine program could be a model for other states.
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.
"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."	"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites)."
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.	The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.	Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	"I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower," Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home.
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".	Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.	Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.	Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.	Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.	Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.	TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.	Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.	Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.	Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment.	Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo.
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.	And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573.
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.	The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said.
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.	Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said.
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.	Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling "a huge victory."
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.	Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.	Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.	Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.	It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.	Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.	DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.	Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work.
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.	Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.	Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon.
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	"We're being hyper-vigilant," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.	Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.	The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.	The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company.
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."	"This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals," Raymond said.
"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing," said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.	"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line," said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.	Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.	Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
"But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."	"But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm."
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.	Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.	District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.	NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.	A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision.
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.	Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.	"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.	The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94.
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.	The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.	A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.	In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.	The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.	Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.	Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.	Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.	Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."	Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.	MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
"Now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party," Street said to crowd laughter.	"The other guy, he's ashamed of his party, and I don't blame him.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.	Since then, Texas Gov. Rick Perry has called two special sessions trying to push the measure through.
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	There is, however, no photograph of Dr Hollingworth in the June issue of the magazine examined by The Age yesterday.
In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.	Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
"We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."	"But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested," Mr Jordan said.
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.	The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22.
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.	Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.	The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.	None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
We think they have the right to choose.	"We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose," Ellison said.
"We have found the smoking gun," investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.	"We have found the smoking gun," said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.	The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.	But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
"This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.	Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.	Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.	President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday.
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.	So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	"They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears," Bush said.
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.	France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.	No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.	The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."	In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in "limited circumstances."
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.	Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.	Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.	Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest.
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.	Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".	Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth".
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.	BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.	Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.	The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.	Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."	"It looks very much like an isolated event," World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.	Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.	The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.	Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.	Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
Three no votes would kill it for now.	It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.	Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.	To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.	Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.	At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place.
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.	And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.	The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
"I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story," Fiorina said.	"We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story."
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.	Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."	Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, "the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions."
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.	In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday.
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.	The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.	Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true.
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.	Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region.
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.	Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.	She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.	She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.	If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved.
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.	Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets.
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.	China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.	Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.	U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
"The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation," it said in a statement.	The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.	In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.	According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990.
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.	Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words," daughter Linda Hope said.	"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it," she said.
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.	For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.	Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry.
"They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning film director.	He said: “They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.	The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.	According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.	In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.	A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.	Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.	U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.	Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company.
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.	Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.	The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".	The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow.
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.	Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.	He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
"It''s absurd," Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.	Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations "ridiculous."
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.	It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.	The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.	Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.	The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.	Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.	"We think it's great news," said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.	The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample.
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."	"I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic," Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.	Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
The company will launch 800 hot spots, or "Wi-Fi Zones," later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.	The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year.
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.	Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.	Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.	Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York.
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.	NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.	The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was "doing okay."
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.	A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.	The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.	Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill.
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.	The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.	Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.	The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.	Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.	The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.	She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.	The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.	Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.	Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.	It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.	The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.	The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church.
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.	"Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one," Myers said.
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.	Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History.
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.	And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.	Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not.
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	It will cost about $20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks.
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.	In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.	The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .	The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: "Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
"There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here," Gehman said.	In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here.
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.	Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.	At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.	On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.	Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.	The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.	October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.	Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."	GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
"This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.	"I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage," Hubbard said.
"We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.	"Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision," Sundwall said.
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.	Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.	The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels.
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
"Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this."	A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: "Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this."
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.	That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.	At 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday.
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.	Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit.
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.	InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."	"But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.	Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.	State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.	Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.	Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.	The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	"I'm still not red-hot favourite," Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
"Jeremy's a good guy," Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.	He also said Shockey is "living the dream life of a New York athlete.
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.	Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.	U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.	The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.	Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP:8316: news, chart, profile) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.	They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.	When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.	Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.	The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
"Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.	In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.	Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong.
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.	"Our fundamental values haven't changed," Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.	Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60.
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.	He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
"What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution," she said.	The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: "What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution," she said.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.	When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.	The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.	As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million.
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.	Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm "high risk" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries.
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.	Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.	Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials.
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.	The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.	Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.	Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.	Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.	A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.	With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.	Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.	This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.	Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.	Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.	The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.	Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.	Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.	The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the whole ijaw indigenous showed Chevron to encourage the violence against them and of up to pay Nigerian soldiers to shoot the demonstrators at the naval base from Warri.
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of slaughter of whole herd has been implemented and that this is not the best way to combat this phenomenon.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and obviously we cannot approve it.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to draw aside its constitution arbitrarily is the definition characteristic of a tyranny.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This Parliament has also fought for this reduction in the funds available for innovative actions should be compensated for by the use of the framework of flexibility, defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to dismiss arbitrarily its constitution is the definition of a characteristic tyranny.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is not absolutely certain that the definition of fair price which is better than another, because the definitions used in the Member States in all amply sufficient.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	They can in fact wish to more and better, but I think that it is a good start.  
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It should be the real coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will speed up and a network of centres of excellence of food at regional level.  
On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and in my own name, to send a message of condolence on the part of Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of Brittany as Marín, city of Galicia, where originating from most of the victims.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	One can indeed wish more and better, but I believe very honestly that it is a good start.
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It passes in lawsuit next on January 8. It is reproached to him for having taken part in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which besides it denies.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Mr Commissioner.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament has been seeking for a long time already.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line finance programmes of mine clearance and prevention for years.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the initial aim of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct necessary to establish, between insurers, the forms of cost option guaranteeing all the supply of good quality of care and to counter the risks of discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is still perceived "is an example of supply in the European Community from a third country.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	It is obviously necessary to determine the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.  
Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we can see the Commission's position in terms of public access to documents by reading the internal manual which was given on 11 October, with the Commission officials in order to explain the way in which they were to deal with the requests from the Members with regard to access to documents.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I insist on this point because the market cannot regulate all and that, accordingly, it does not have there nor cannot have there of competition without limits.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is not absolutely certain that the definition of fair price proposed is better than another, because the different definitions are currently used in the Member States are enough is enough.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr. President, my honourable Members, I would like to intervene on the joint resolution that obviously we will vote.
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against a text which requires the incorporation of the Charter of the fundamental rights in the future treaty which will be adopted in Nice.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line finances clearance programmes and of prevention since years.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.	Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find it a little strange to now obliging the Commission to a motion for a resolution and to ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance.
People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The economic activities Commons generating peaceful links between people.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed a remarkably positive the difficult that always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.  
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a Provisional Judicial Cooperation Unit is a step in the right direction, which the European Parliament is not a long time ago.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I urge the French Presidency to do everything in its power to bridge this gap, particularly destructive.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament, in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that they initiatives does the Council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full and entire application of the UN peace plan?  
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of the national restricting still further the right of veto and to give more power to the Parliament of the EU.  
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs Lalumière report, which I find formulated well thought-out and clearly.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I stress this because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this sense, there cannot be any competition without limits.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	Just like the Court of the human rights, the Council of Europe has to him also a solid experiment with regard to such forms of control. We can take it for base.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that obviously we vote.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to take this message, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to act and to make it so that, together with this House, these being nationalistic period relics may be abandoned.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence of food safety at regional level.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Therefore, it is urgent that the personnel of the inter-service group are very quickly reinforced at the heart of the Secretary-General of the Commission, so that all the proposals of the Act of general interest can be accompanied, during their examination by the Commission on the basis of Article 299 (2) of a detailed fiche d'impact.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I am, however, convinced that Parliament would have done better by making its voice heard, in view of the Nice European Council, a separate and specific resolution on the issues which are so important and so difficult for the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than treating them in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda of the Council.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	Just as the European Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has also considerable experience with regard to these forms of control; we can take as a basis.
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have discussions on this issue, making it clear that all the Member States wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Firstly, that of simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that the staff of the interservice group are very quickly strengthened at the heart of the Secretary-General of the Commission, so that all the proposed act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the college on the basis of Article 299 (2) of a fiche d'impact detailed.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, was better to have no agreement only have an agreement that is bad and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal to the rebate, totally unacceptable for Europe.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	The situation is worse when it comes to women's distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and who have no alternative to continue supporting themselves to their vital needs.
The joint debate is closed.	The joint debate is closed.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	This is a development of this kind that I wish the other Member States of the European Union.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene now with money and actions, and not just with words.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement have an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the American proposal was a watered-down proposal totally unacceptable for Europe.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	That is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	We must clearly define the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the political priority of the Union, fisheries, as an economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a subject more controversial, the Commission invited vigorously to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They continue to put pressure. The money they earn with distribution beyond the bounds of 150 grammes allows them to strengthen their position.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must speak now with money and concrete action, and not just with words.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line is funding programmes for mine clearance and prevention for years.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Vessels, without which there is the slightest, Mr Gayssot.  
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to take action pursuant and to make to it so that, in.liaison.with this Parliament, these one nationalist era old relics can be abandoned.
But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	Nevertheless, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the bulk of this money is managed in the Member States.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	. (IN) the British Labor Members of group PSE are pleased with the favourable response reserved for the contribution which they made to the ongoing work of the IGC on the reinforced cooperation, without adhering completely to all the details of this one.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous people All-Ijaw Chevron have been accused of inciting violence against them and to go so far as to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators in the Warri naval base.
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of the slaughter of whole herds was applied and that does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the overriding goal and secondary objectives, will be the yardstick by which we judge the concrete proposals put forward by the Commission.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will discuss the state of progress of accession negotiations, and therefore of enlargement.
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party has profound reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods by means of Community legislation, as it expresses reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the initial matter of the rapporteur and shared per number of Members, consists in promoting the regulations and the codes of conduct necessary to found, between insurers, the forms of mutualisation of the costs guaranteeing to all the supply of an high quality of care and to counter the risks to see developing discriminatory practices and a risk selection and customers.
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder if the Commissioner, for the steps which they show that we consider and as the representative of the Serbian people and as the partner with which the European Union will have to deal with.  
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently engaged in undeclared work e.g. employment in decent social conditions.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take, but the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and to many other problems, needs the visible signs of success as well as a strong support, on pain of being threatened peace in the region as a whole.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	We must obviously determine the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than to have an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the proposal was a proposal to you, totally unacceptable for Europe.  
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament has called for in its resolution of 16 March 2000, they initiatives European Council Presidency intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan?
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The maintenance of the universal service to the assistance of a compensation Fund which enable engaging the advantage of public service will probably long fire.  
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder if the Commissioner already provides the steps that will make it possible to show that we consider Koitunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union will now address.
The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum and labelling which is in force for two and a half months, does not properly to trace the origin of the animals and we have banned quite late specified risk materials.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We speak with a single voice within the WTO.  
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They will continue to put pressure on the money they gain the distribution beyond the bounds of the 150 grams enables them to strengthen their position.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	It must be welcomed that the European Parliament has succeeded in bringing together a broad majority in favour of greater transparency.
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report aims to identify such potential improvements.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara make more imperative that we need to promote measures for democratisation, institution-building and respect for human rights in Albania.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I call on Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow them up and to ensure that, together with this House, these relics of a nationalist era can be abandoned.
The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef and veal, which has been decided, which is a minimum and which is in force for two and a half months, does not make it possible to trace the origin of the animals properly and we have banned well late at risk.  
And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say this to you very clearly: we must give its opportunity to Kostunica and I therefore hope that it will ensure an amnesty during the weeks or months ahead; but in the meantime, I wish, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This Parliament has, however, also fought for this reduction in the funds allocated to the innovative actions to be compensated for by the use of framework of flexibility, defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of national democracies is still more force to limit the right of veto and to give more power for the European Parliament.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek ship sank, without the least storm in exist, Mr Gayssot.
Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is recognised that the knowledge of foreign languages is a prerequisite for mobility.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence food safety at regional level.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson that this House in this morning's debate must learn is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are all over the world, in a state of chaos, and that we must set about the task to sort all this out.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency has restructured first and then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	It is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European popular party.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The safeguarding of universal service to a compensation fund which would engage in private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably long.
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	. (ES) Mr. President, widening is essential for the construction of a strong and plain continent of Europe.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Certainly, it was not to have an agreement better than to have an agreement which is wrong and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal to the reduction, totally unacceptable for Europe.
on the situation in Burma	On the situation in Burma.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your warm welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the French Presidency thank you.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson that must retain this House in her this morning's debate is that we are forced to conclude that the laws are maritime, throughout the world, in a state of mess, and that we must set about the task of them to bring order.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept which would be admitted that big bang, but at the same time, a large group of countries, because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, we must say 'no' to the big bang concept which would admit that at the same time, a large group of countries, because that would be at odds with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and of course we cannot agree.  
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time.
The debate is closed.	The debate is closed.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who reject the enhanced cooperation have the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my opinion, there is nothing worse than having to inform the people to be made in their favour could be that a series of words and have no worries on their existence.  
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I am, however, convinced that Parliament would do better to devote its voice, in view of the Nice Council, a specific resolution separate and the extremely important subjects and difficult if the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than treating them within the framework of a single resolution including also all other items on the agenda of the Council.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked the report of the Court of Auditors was a little more user-friendly and that it had submitted some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations per chapter.
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three major areas.	In recent weeks, three important progress has been made.
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	This is a disgrace when we think that the European Union is a champion of the modernisation of economic life.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the All-Ijaw natives showed Chevron to incite with the violence in their opposition and of going until paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot at the demonstrators at the naval base from Warri.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that it wishes to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the provisions proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly in relation to the method of accreditation of non-governmental organisations, at the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not want to incorporate in the Treaty, which demonstrates that this text should be set aside.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	It is not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, especially on this point than we tabled amendments.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek ships were sunk, without any storm around, Mr Gayssot.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be opposite and obviously we cannot support it.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I make an urgent appeal to the Presidency to do everything in its power to fill this role.  
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A policy which has been strongly capital.  
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	This is a development of this type that I wish to other States of the European Union.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is right in saying that the Committee on Legal Affairs continues in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be less than 7%.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	Things deteriorate when it is a question of women from countries which have accepted this work and who have no other possibility to continue to provide their basic needs.  
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain of coordination of the network of the national agencies which, in their turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence of food safety at the regional level.
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who work currently out a job in social conditions.  
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It goes trial on 8 January of next year. It is accused of having participated in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, as indeed it denies.
The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which was decided, which is a minimum labelling and which came into effect only since two months and half, does not make it possible to suitably recall the origin of the animals and we prohibited well tardily the specified risk materials.
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	Since 1996, the European Parliament had decided in favour of a prohibition of the use of the bone meals in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - so only it had been listened to.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty, which shows that this text should be set aside.
That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Faced with criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer gave a new interpretation of it: it is now a tax for all users, including the British drivers of heavy goods vehicles.
And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say to you very clearly: we must give its chance Kostunica and I therefore hope that it will provide an amnesty during the weeks and months ahead; but in the meantime, I hope, however, that, politically and in terms of the budget, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budgetary lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	It is a development of this type which I hope in the other States of the European Union.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty, that proves that this text should be set aside.
Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, unipersonnelle when a company or a society with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it must be possible to receive financing not only with a guarantee to 120%, but also on the basis of a good idea.
I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find it a little strange to try now to force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I stress this point because the market cannot solve all and, in this sense, there cannot be any competition without limits.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Undoubtedly, was it not to have an agreement better than to have an agreement which is bad and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal with the reduction, completely unacceptable for Europe.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	We must welcome the fact that Parliament has managed to gather a large majority in favour of greater transparency.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of the national democracies decreases in force of limiting increasingly the right of veto and to give ever more power in Parliament of the EU.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will also discuss the State of progress of the negotiations on membership, and therefore of the '.  
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to seize this, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to respond and to ensure that, together with this House, these relics of a nationalist age can be abandoned.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who refuse closer cooperation to enjoy the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car.
That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Given the criticisms, particularly those of Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer has given a new interpretation: it would now a tax for all users, including the lorry drivers in the UK.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency was first restructured can dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality by the mainstreaming and by specific guidelines.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can also apply to all drugs récréationnelles but dangerous as far as the consumer of drugs should be the only to run risks.
When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are confronted with a potential risk, it is important to implement the precautionary principle.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly as regards the way accreditation non-governmental organisations, the preparation process and the special session in September 2001.
Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, when a business or a society with fewer than 250 a project, it must be possible for a means not only with a guarantee to 120%, but also on the basis of a good idea.  
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a provisional unit of legal cooperation constitutes a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament aspires for a long time already.
(Applause)	I already answered on this point and I subscribe completely so that he said on the need for improving the public debate considerably. I will not return on what I said, but it is true that, too often, the citizens feel foreign with decisions which are made in authorities that they do not know.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the secondary primary objective and objectives, will represent the stone of key enabling us to consider the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.
When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to implement the precautionary principle.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first, on this issue, which took place at the European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is in relation to the Member States to promote an action intended to what we could consider as a culture, on the standard them in the matter of respect for the rights and freedoms of the citizens, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.  
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that of course we will.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the objective of primary and secondary objectives, the cornerstone of allowing us to judge the concrete proposals by the Commission.  
on the situation in Burma	on the situation in Burma.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I express however the conviction that our Parliament would have better done to hear its voice while devoting, for Conseil of Nice, a resolution specific and distinct with the so important and so difficult topics to the intergovernmental Conference, rather than to treat them within the framework of one only resolution also including all the other points of about an agenda of the Council.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who refuse and enjoy the same freedom of movement as the passengers out of a car.  
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of the whole and that it does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.  
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and that is why we have decided to put this item on the agenda.
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The establishment of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament wants a long time ago.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I appeal urgently to the French Presidency to do everything in its power to bridge this gap particularly destructive.
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three major areas.	These last weeks, three significant progresses were made.
This is no time for the faint-hearted.	It is not the moment to be hesitant.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	We can indeed want more and better, but quite honestly that I believe this is a good start.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors a little more user-friendly and if he had presented a few clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept being recognised that the big bang, but at the same time, a large group of countries, because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only way for which no tax is not yet seen is that of supply in the European Community from third countries.
(Applause)	I have already replied to this point and I agree entirely with what he said about the need to improve considerably the public debate I will not repeat what I said, but it is true that, all too often, citizens feel alienated to decisions that are taken in bodies that they do not know.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Given these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party has serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods through Community legislation, as it expresses reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Faced with this situation, the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take; however, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success and a strong support, otherwise the peace threatened in the region as a whole.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is a delivery is still seen in the European Community from a third country.
It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The task, which is however capital, did not arouse an lively interest on behalf of the public yet.
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It is on trial on 8 January is accused him for having taken part in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which also it denies.
When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to put into practice the principle of precaution.  
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists and the Group of the Party of European Socialists, from a Spanish in the negotiations with the;  
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency first restructured then dismantled the Ministry for equal opportunities.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, however, there is nothing worse than to have to inform people that a ruling in their favour can only be a series of reassuring words and have no practical effect on their existence.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	(ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and United European continent.  
Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we are part of the club, or we are not and we must therefore we bow to that decision.
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	This is a disgrace when you think that the European Union raises a champion of the modernisation of economic life.
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	It is what we did: we avoided a budgetary crisis while returning in article 272; the financial perspectives were maintained, even if we used the flexibility instrument.
Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The declarations must be followed concrete actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the products of the crime.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that obviously we shall vote.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I urge the French Presidency to should do everything in its power to bridge the gap particularly destructive.
It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The most urgent task, which is, however, has not yet a lively interest on the part of the public.  
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow up and to ensure that, together with this House, these reliques an era nationalist may be abandoned.
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is something which is most controversial, the committee has called vehemently to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we started in category four, with its approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to resolve the issue, not least because the Council does not wish to participate sufficiently in the reflection.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	This is why I also think that this reconciliation can hold. However, the government, which very courageously found a solution with the question of the universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of the success as well as strong support, under penalty of seeing the peace threatened as a whole of the area.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	It is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party.
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting	Approval of the Minutes of the previous session  
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(The House accepts the oral amendment)
Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly, the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and the EU as a whole dependent – the example of Denmark is there for us to show it – elimination on social and democratic deficits for European policy.
That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Faced with the criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer, gave a different interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including the British drivers of heavy goods vehicles.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which just does not.  
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is still being EU is one of a - in the change from a third country.  
(The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)	(The meeting, stopped with 14:06, is taken again at 3 p.m.)
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of demolition of the whole herd was applied and that does not seem the best means of fighting this phenomenon.
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question No 6 by (H-0886 / 00):
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament decided in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle, if only we had listened to.
Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is agreed that the knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition for mobility.
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text which asks for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights in the future Treaty which will be adopted at Nice.  
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed a remarkably positive way the difficult neighbourhood that has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	The situation is worsening, when it comes to women distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet their basic needs.
This is no time for the faint-hearted.	That is not the time to take hesitant.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations, and therefore of enlargement.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene now with money and concrete actions, and not only with words.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	Just as the Court of human rights, the Council of Europe also has a solid experience in this regard such forms of control and we can take as a basis.  
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the comments by the rapporteur and a number of colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct for dialogue, between a good supply of guaranteeing the provision of a good practices and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices and a series of risks and customers.  
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach of equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first thoughts on this issue, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed to the Member States to promote action to develop what we could consider a European police culture, based on the highest standards in terms of ethics, respect for citizens' rights and freedoms, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	It is a policy of this type that I wish to other States of the European Union.  
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and that is why we decided to put this item on the agenda.
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs LalumiÃšre report, which I think is well thought-out and clearly formulated.
This is no time for the faint-hearted.	This is not the time to be hesitant.
Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you think that the model of the "-" - namely the majority - will be in the future as a means of taking in ignoring the European institutions and to a new institution, or a new Group, to be able to bypass the rule of unanimity in the Council?  
This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	It is our priority fight so that the affirmation of fundamental rights is implemented in political choices.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	It is an evolution of this type which I wish in the other States of the European Union.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who refuse enhanced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car.
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party expresses serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer products by means of Community legislation, as it makes reservations about the concept of the mutual recognition of standards.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be true brain of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence in food safety at regional level.
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a Provisional Judicial Cooperation Unit is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament is aiming for a long time.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not to remain in the second Group and it is logical that it wants to join the Union at the same time that the Czech Republic.  
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three major areas.	In recent weeks, three significant progress has been made.
When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to put into practice the precautionary principle.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We will speak with one voice grace within the WTO.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We are pleased with proposed arrangements in this respect by the committee preparatory and decided by the General Assembly with regard to the mode of accreditation of the governmental organizations, with the preparatory process and the extraordinary session of September 2001.
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	This is a disgrace when we think that the European Union presents itself as the champion of the modernisation of economic life!
I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I find exemplary that France will be resolved to take this step.
(Applause)	I have already answered on this point and I support completely what he has said on the necessity of improving the public debate, and I will not go back on what I have said, but it is true that, all too often, the citizens feel the decisions that are taken in the authorities that they do not know.  
On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam the President, I ask you, in the name of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and in my proper name, to send a message of sympathy on behalf of the Parliament to the families of the victims and to the local authorities both of Brittany and of Marín, town of Galicia, from where are originating the majority in the victims.
Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Internal Affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	This is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	- (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and unified European continent.
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs Lalumière, report that I think it is well thought-out and clearly formulated.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	In view of these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that manpower of the Interdepartmental Group are very quickly reinforced with the cur of the General Secretariat of the Commission, so that all the proposals of act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the college on basis of Article 299, paragraph 2, of a detailed impact statement.
There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have begun the heading four, with its approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to resolve the problem, particularly because the Council does not wish to participate enough food for thought.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament, the French Presidency thanks you.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	First, that of a simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the real brains of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence on food safety at regional level.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	The Greek ships have sunk, without there being the slightest storm in its neck of the woods, Mr Gayssot.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the abduction by Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla movement.
As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, which are the scientific data, which are the measures to be taken.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Vis-a-vis these realities, the need for a greater implication and a greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and the underdevelopment is essential.
Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you think that the Austrian 'model' - the majority decisions to be taken in future bilateral - it will be an instrument to take decisions by ignoring the European institutions and to set up a new institution, or a new group, in order to get round the unanimity rule in the Council?
Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly: the positive acceptance of enlargement and its prospects for the various countries and the EU as a whole largely depend - the example of Denmark east there for us to show it - elimination on the social and democratic deficits for the European policy.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who reject reinforced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement that passengers back the seat of a car.
The joint debate is closed.	The joint debate is closed.  
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right to a government of arbitrarily its Constitution is the definition of a dictatorship.  
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene now with money and concrete action, and not just with words.
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question No 6 by (h 0886 / 00):
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a European continent strong and united.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and for your kind welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the French Presidency thank you.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can also apply to all récréationnelles but dangerous drugs as far as the consumer of drugs is the only one to risks.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we now have to intervene with money and concrete actions, and not only with words.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This Parliament however also fought so that this reduction of the funds allocated with the innovative measures is compensated by the use of the framework of flexibilisation, defined in a declaration on the financial perspective.
At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union.	In Feira, he recognised the quality of potential candidates for accession to the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson which this Parliament in her debate of this morning must retain is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are, all over the world, in a state of disorder, and that we must harness ourselves with the task to put order at it.
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting	Approval of the official report of the previous sitting
Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly: the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and for the EU as a whole depend – the example of Denmark is there for us to show this - the elimination of social and democratic deficits of European policy.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, there is absolutely no doubt that the definition of fair price that is proposed is better than another, because the definitions used in the Member States currently sufficient all amply.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is imperative that the inter-service Group are very quickly, of the Commission, so that all the proposals to act can be, during their examination by the force on the basis of Article 299, paragraph 2, a detailed impact.  
(The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)	(The sitting was suspended at 14h06 and resumed at 3 p.m.)
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally I accomodate the idea favorably to give us an annual appointment in order to take stock of the setting in uvre program.
At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union.	In Feira, it has recognised the quality of potential candidates for accession to the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that we will obviously vote.
And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say it very clearly to you: it is necessary to give its chance to Kostunica and I hope since it will take care of an amnesty during the weeks or of the months to come; but meanwhile, I wish however that, on the political plan and the budgetary term, of the political conditions be coupled with the introduction of these two special budget headings, namely democratization and the rebuilding.
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We started discussions on this issue, which show that all the Member States wish to maintaining this ceiling after enlargement.
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	We must organise ourselves in fifteen Member States, to be able to welcome in good conditions for the countries which are knocking on our door.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Mister the Police chief.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who deny the enhanced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement as passengers in the back seat of a car.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will also be discussing the state of progress of accession negotiations, and therefore of enlargement.
Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we know the position of the Commission on public access to documents in reading the internal manual, which was submitted, on 11 October, the Commission's officials in order to explain the way in which they were to deal with the requests from the Members regarding access to documents.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This Parliament has, however, also fought for this reduction of funds for innovative actions should be compensated for by the use of flexibility, defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	We should obviously determine the reasons of the increased incidence of the ESB, not only in France but also in other Member States.
It must be respected and protected' .	It must be respected and protected.  
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a more controversial topic, the Committee has called with vigour to make use of the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The debate must be followed by concrete actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.  
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	B5-0794/2000, Misters Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Fava, in the name of the Europeans Group of the European Socialist, on removal in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in the negotiations with the guerrilla;
On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	Furthermore, we would have a chance to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop their own constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognising the true democratic principles.
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to Article 272; the financial perspectives have been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can, moreover, apply to all drugs récréationnelles but dangerous provided that the consumer of drugs is the only run the risks.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach of equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We will speak with one voice disgracieuse within OMC.
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us organise itself to 15 in order to be able to welcome the right conditions for countries which are knocking on our door.
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I thank the rapporteur for the Committee on foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report.  
Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, when a one-person business or a society with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it must be possible to receive financing not only to guarantee to 120%, but merely on the basis of a good idea.
(Applause)	I have already replied on this point and I entirely agree with what he has said about the need to improve considerably the public debate, and I will not repeat what I said, but it is true that, all too often, citizens feel alienated to decisions that are taken in the bodies that they do not know.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	- (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united continent of Europe.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	This is why I also think that this reconciliation can hold. however, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the question and to many other problems, need visible signs of success so that a strong support to the peace in the whole of the region.  
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, on his clear and comprehensive report.
But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	Nevertheless I would wish to say to the Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the largest part of this money is managed in the Member States.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty, which proves that this text should be put to one side.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I launch an urgent appeal with the French presidency so that it does all that is in its capacity to fill this particularly destroying ditch.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the first and then the inequality of opportunity.  
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies decreases by limit always more the right of veto and to give always more capacity to the Parliament of the EU.
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a more controversial subject, the Commission to make use of the procedure for the implementation of this legislation.  
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	First of all, the simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	This is of such a development that I hope the other Member States of the European Union.
Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report, which concerns the taxation of services provided by electronic means.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Firstly, that of a simplification of the Treaties.  
Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Commissioner.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can have, however, the Government, which has very courageously a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success as well as strong support, otherwise the threatened peace in the region as a whole.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	The things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive provisions. It is in particular on this point that we introduced amendments.
I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I think it is exemplary that France is resolved to take that step.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed a remarkably positive the difficult neighbourhood, which has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It happening in trial on 8 January. He is accused of having attended a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which he denies.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors fusse a little more user-friendly and it would have put forward some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the primary objective and secondary objectives, will be the yardstick for judging the concrete proposals put forward by the Commission.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to remove arbitrarily its constitution is defining characteristic of a tyranny.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the secondary objective and objectives, will represent the touchstone of enabling us to consider the specific proposals presented by the Commission.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is just that the Committee on legal Affairs of the refusal of a ceiling and in the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be 7%.  
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have exchanges on this issue, where it emerges that all the Member States want the maintenance of this ceiling after enlargement.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek vessels flowed, without any storm in around, Mr Gayssot.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on Colombia removal of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla;
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us to organise ourselves Fifteen to welcome in good conditions to the countries knocking at our door.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We speak with a single voice Language‒describes within the WTO.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Europe, the French Presidency would like to thank you.
This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	This is our priority struggle for the affirmation of fundamental rights has found expression in political choices.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would have also wished that the report of the Court of Auditors was a little more convivial and that it had presented some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations per chapter.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, however, there is nothing worse than having to warn people that a ruling in their favour could not have been a series of words réconfortants and do not have any consequences concrete on their existence.
I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find a little strange to want as of now forcing the Commission with a motion for resolutions and to ask him in the same time to establish one Green Paper on the current state of the voluntary insurances and the complementary health insurances.
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They will continue to put pressure. The money that they earn with the distribution beyond the limit of 150 grams allows them to strengthen their position.
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder whether the Commissioner already provides steps which will show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as the partner with which the European Union must now address.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line financing demining and prevention programmes for years.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As requested by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that these initiatives the presidency of the European Council is going to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan?
(Applause)	I have already replied on this point, and I entirely agree with what he has said on the need to improve considerably the public debate I will not go back to what I said, but it is true that, all too often, the citizens feel foreigners to decisions that are taken in the bodies that they do not know.
People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The economic activities of links between the people.  
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the original words of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and the codes of conduct needed to establish, between insurers, forms of mutual costs guaranteeing to all the provision of a good quality of care and to counter the risk of seeing develop discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.
Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the political priority of the Union, the fishing industry, as the economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that the inter-service group staff should be strengthened very quickly at the heart of the General Secretariat of the Commission, so that all proposals to act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the college on the basis of Article 299(2), a detailed impact statement.
People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The common economic activities create peaceful links between people.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This House but also fought so that this reduction in funds allocated to the innovative actions is offset by the use of framework of flexibility, as defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The safeguarding of the universal service to the aid of a compensation fund which would make it possible to engage in private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably long.
Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, when a company unipersonnelle or a company with fewer than 250 employees is a project, it must be possible to receive financing not only with a guarantee to 120%, but also on the basis of a good idea.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked the report of the Court of Auditors fusse somewhat more user-friendly and he seen tabled a few clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar of the approach of the approach adopted by the gender mainstreaming and guidelines.  
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Lastly, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to the equal opportunity consolidates the integrated approach of the equality by the gender mainstreaming and specific guiding lines.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous people all-ijaw accused Chevron to incite violence against them and to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators in the warri naval base.
On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	Furthermore, we would have a chance to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop only constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognising the real democratic principles.
It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The task, which is essential, has not yet been a keen interest on the part of the public.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that it wants to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently working to obtain an undeclared employment in decent social conditions.
But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	But I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the bulk of this money is administered in the Member States.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed in a way the positive extremely difficult neighbourhood that has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted in favour of the report García-Margallo y Marfil, which concerns the taxation of services provided by electronic means.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that the staff of the interservice group are very quickly strengthened at the heart of the secretariat of the committee, so that all the proposed act of general scope can be accompanied by the college in their discussion on the basis of Article 299, paragraph 2, a fiche d'impact detailed.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the overarching objective and secondary objectives, represent the touchstone allowing us to judge the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	In fact, it is by no means certain that the definition of fair prices which is being proposed is better than another, because the different definitions currently used in the Member States all are quite adequate.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and unified European continent.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	- British Labour members of the Group of the Party of European Socialists welcome the welcomed contribution to the continuous work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without fully adhere to all the details of it.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I believe that this reconciliation can take. However, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success and a strong support, otherwise the threatened peace throughout the region.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, worth it better not to have an agreement that will have an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the American proposal was a watered-down proposal, unacceptable for Europe.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We speak with one voice disgracieuse within the WTO.
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We started to have exchanges on this question, from where it arises that all the Member States wish the maintenance of this ceiling after widening.
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we create a clear framework and binding on the Member States, the different systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period of put to the test.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally, I welcome the idea of giving us an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the programme.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous All-Ijaw accused Chevron to encourage violence against them and to go as far as to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators in the naval base of Warri.
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The report aims to identify such improvements.  
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the measures proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly with regard to the system of accreditation of non-governmental organisations, with the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	It is an urgent matter and it is to this that we have to put this point to the order of the day.  
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those which refuse the reinforced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement as the passengers of the back seat of a car.
Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	Statements must be matched by action to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will also discuss the progress of the negotiations of adhesion, and thus widening.
As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	We must be aware today, since we are still in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what are the measures to be taken.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is still perceived is that of a delivery in the European Community starting from a third country.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament asked it in its resolution of March 16, 2000, that they initiatives the presidency of the European Council does hope to take to play a more active part in order to guarantee the application full and whole peace plan of UNO?
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive provisions. This is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we define a clear framework and constraining for the Member States, the various systems having to satisfy these requirements should have more a long period of setting with the test.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	As the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has also solid experience as regards such forms of control. We can take as a basis.
On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both Brittany and MarÃ­n, city of Galicia, which most of the victims.
At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union.	In Feira, he has recognised the quality of potential candidates for accession to the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed in a remarkably positive the difficult neighbourhood which always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara make it more imperative the need to promote measures for democratisation, strengthening the institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that the staff of the interservice group are very quickly strengthened at the heart of the secretariat of the committee, so that all the proposed act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the College on the basis of Article 299 (2), a fiche d'impact detail.
As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what are the measures to be taken.
It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The task, which is capital, has not yet been a lively interest on the part of the public.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	(B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I would urge Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow them up, and to ensure that, together with this House, these relics of a nationalist era can be abandoned.
As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	It is necessary to know today, since we are always in uncertainty, which are the scientific data, which are the measures to be taken.
Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we have to know the Commission's position in relation to public access to documents on reading the internal Manuel which has been submitted, on 11 October, to the Commission officials in order to explain how they deal with the requests of Members regarding access to documents.
Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Internal Affairs has prepared carefully the Karamanou report.
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report.
Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	If the employment is the policy of the Union, the Community, as a sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.  
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that we can also remain in force more restrictive provisions, but particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson for us within this House in its debate this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are in the world, in a state of control, and that we must get down to the task to put its house in order.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly as regards the method of accreditation non-governmental organisations, the preparatory process and the extraordinary session of September 2001.
At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union.	In Feira, he recognized the quality of potential candidates to adhesion with the countries taking part in the stabilisation process and of association.
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	It is a disgrace when we think that the European Union raises champion of the modernisation of economic life!
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors was a little more user-friendly and that he had tabled a number of clear recommendations, for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union.	In it, he has recognised the quality of potential candidates for membership in the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process.  
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I am nevertheless convinced that our Parliament would have done better to its voice heard by spending, for the Council of Nice, a resolution specific and separate with so important and so difficult issues to the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than to deal with them in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda of the Council.
People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The common economic activities create peaceful links between the people.
There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have started category four, with his approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to solve the problem, particularly because the Council does not wish to participate in the discussion.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	It is gratifying that Parliament has managed to gather a large majority in favour of greater transparency.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European institutions, the French Presidency thank you.  
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we create a clear and binding framework for the Member States, the various systems have to meet these requirements should have a longer period of put to the test.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been adopted, does not reflect it.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	Things are getting worse when it is a matter of women from distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to provide for their vital needs.
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of slaughter of the whole herd has been applied, and that this does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately, the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and obviously we cannot endorse it.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally, I welcome the idea of giving us an annual meeting in order to take stock of the implementation of the programme.
But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	Nevertheless, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States.
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(Parliament accepts the oral amendment)
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	That is what we have done: we avoided a budgetary crisis back to Article 272, the financial perspective has been maintained, even if we use the flexibility instrument.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed a remarkably positive the difficult neighbourhood which has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the initial reflections on this issue, which took place at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed towards the Member States to promote action to develop what we could consider it as a police European culture, focused on the highest standards in the field of ethics, respect for the rights and freedoms of the people, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the general meeting with regard to the method of accreditation of non-governmental organisations, the preparatory process and to the special session in September 2001.
That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Vis-a-vis criticisms, particularly those of Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer gave a new interpretation of it: it would be now about a tax for all the users, including the British drivers of heavy lorries.
Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Internal Affairs has prepared very carefully the Karamanou report.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara make more imperative the need to promote measures to democratisation, the strengthening of institutions and the respect for human rights in Albania.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been adopted, does not reflect.
People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The joint economic activities create peaceful links between peoples.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is not yet seen is one of supply in the European Community from a third country.
But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	However, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union is spending that 1% of GDP in the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to dismiss its Constitution arbitrarily is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This could also apply to all drugs but dangerous insofar as the consumer of drugs is the only to run risks.  
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	It is obviously necessary to clarify the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	We can indeed wish more and better, but I think quite honestly that it is a good start.
Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The statements must be followed by specific actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the slaughter of whole herds principle was applied and that it does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
(The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)	(the sitting was suspended at, is resumed at 3 p.m.)  
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They will continue to put pressure on the money they earned with distribution beyond the bounds of 150 grams enables them to improve their position.
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against a text which requires the integration of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future Treaty which will be adopted in Nice.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, my dear colleagues, I would like to intervene on the common resolution which of course we will.  
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It is on trial on 8 January. He is accused of having participated in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which incidentally it excludes.
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I thank the rapporteur for the Committee for the foreign affairs, Mr Brok, for his clear and complete report/ratio.
Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we can hear the Commission's position on public access to documents from the internal manual, which was submitted on 11 October, the Commission's officials in order to explain to them how to deal with the requests of Members as regards access to documents.
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	From 1996, the European Parliament has declared itself in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - only if we had listened.
I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find it a little strange to now force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary and insurance supplementary sickness insurance.
Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you believe that the Austrian model "’ – namely bilateral majority decision-making - will in future an instrument to take decisions by ignoring the European institutions and start a new institution, or a new group, to get round the unanimity rule in the Council?
Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is accepted that the knowledge of languages is a reference to the mobility.  
This is no time for the faint-hearted.	It is not the time to be hesitant.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	Just as the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe also has a solid experience in terms of such forms of control. We can to base.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	It is not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force for more restrictive provisions. This is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is right that the Committee on Legal Affairs persists in refusing a ceiling and a minimum rate which cannot be below 7%.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	As the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe also has a solid experience with regard to such forms of control we can take it as a basis.
Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we cannot know the position of the Commission in the matter of public access to documents in reading the Commission has that has been postponed, on 11 October, the officials of the Commission in order to explain the way in which they had to deal with the requests in this regard access to documents.  
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we define a clear framework and binding on the Member States, the different systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period of being tested.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development which made capital borrowed heavily dependent.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take, and the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success and a strong support, otherwise the peace threatened in the region as a whole.
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	This is what we have done: we have a budget crisis in coming to Article 272; the financial perspectives have been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument.  
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Faced with these realities, the need for greater involvement and of greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of slaughter of the entire herd has been implemented and that this does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally I welcome the idea of giving us an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the programme.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly opposite and obviously we cannot approve it.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a provisional judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, which the European Parliament for a long time.  
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	The things worsen when it is question of women of distant countries who accepted this work by need and who do not have any other possibility to continue to provide for their vital needs.
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we define a clear and binding for the Member States, the different systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period of put to the test.  
Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The statements must be matched by action to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.
It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The task, which is nevertheless capital, has not yet aroused great interest on the part of the public.
Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we are part of the club, or we are not and we must therefore abide by this decision.
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us hold to fifteen in order to be able to welcome in the right conditions which countries knocking at our door.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development which has made the heavily dependent on capital borrowed.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I appeal urgently to the French Presidency to do everything in its power to fill that gap particularly destructive.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency was first restructured then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Faced with these, the necessity of a greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and is essential.  
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous people all ijaw Chevron have accused of encouraging the violence against them and to go up to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators at the naval base of Warri.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I appeal urgently to the French Presidency to do everything in its power to fulfil this particularly destructive gap.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara make more imperative that measures to promote democratisation, strengthening the institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum labelling and which has only been in force for two and a half months, does not make it possible to properly remind the origin of the animals and we banned very late specified risk material.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	Things worse when it comes to women's distant countries which accepted this work by need and which have no other option to continue to provide for their vital needs.
On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	Furthermore, we would like to have a chance to prove to the Europe that we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro in Yugoslavia, recognising the genuine democratic principles.
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They will continue to put pressure. The money they earn with the distribution beyond the limit of 150 grammes enables them to strengthen their position.
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder whether the police chief envisages already stages which will make it possible to show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elected representative of Serbian people and as the partner with whom the European Union will have henceforth to treat.
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	It is urgent and it is for that reason that we have decided to put this item on the agenda.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been voted, does not reflect it.
On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both Brittany Marín, that the city of Galicia, which are from most of the victims.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, there is, however, nothing worse than having to warn people that a ruling for them could only be a series of words pleasing and have no practical effect on their existence.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the original subject of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct to be found, between insurers, the forms of mutual cost guarantee to all the supply of good quality care and to counter the risks to see developing discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.
That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Criticism, especially those of Ireland and France, the Chancellor of the Exchequer has given a new interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including the British lorry drivers.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	We can indeed wish more and better, but I quite honestly believe that it is a good start.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	B5 0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping of Colombia a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla;
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report is to identify such potential improvements.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not want to even integrate it in the Treaty, which proves that this text was to be put on side.
This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	This is our priority for the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implemented in political choices.
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us, here in order to be able to welcome in good conditions the countries that are knocking at our door.  
Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we are part of the club, we are not and we must, therefore, we have to comply with this.  
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder whether the Commissioner already provides for steps to show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union must now address.
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have exchanges on this issue, it emerges that all the Member States wish to the maintenance of this ceiling after enlargement.  
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They continue to put the pressure that they earn. money with the distribution of the limit of 150 grammes allows them to strengthen their position.  
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first thoughts on this issue, which were held at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed to Member States to promote an action intended to develop what we could consider a European police culture, focused on the highest standards in terms of ethics, human rights and freedoms, and efficiency in the fight against crime.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first reflexions on this file, which took place at the European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission committed itself with respect to the Member States promoting an action intended to develop what we could regard as a European police culture, centered on the highest standards as regards deontology, of respect for the rights and freedoms of the citizens, and of effectiveness in the fight against crime.
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently working on the black would get jobs under decent social conditions.
Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted in favour of the Garcia-Margallo y Marfil report, which concerns the taxation of services provided electronically.
Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we know the position of the Commission on public access to documents in the internal manual, which was submitted on 11 October, the Commission's officials in order to explain how to handle applications by Members as regards access to documents.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can apply besides to all récréationnelles but dangerous drugs in so far as the consumer of drug is the only one to run risks.
I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I find exemplary that France will be to take this step.  
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, it is necessary to say “not” to the concept big-bang which would like that one admits at the same time an major group of country, because that would be in conflict with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits.
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Lastly, and it is there a subject more discussed, the commission invited with strength to make use of the procedure accelerated to put in uvre this legislation.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The safeguarding of the universal service with compensation fund which would make it possible to initiate private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably failure.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This Parliament has, however, also for this Fund actions by the use of framework, defined in a statement on the financial perspective.  
Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, when a company unipersonnelle or a society with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it must be possible to benefit from funding not only with a guaranteed to 120%, but also on the basis of a simple idea:
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(The Parliament accepts the oral amendment)
On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	In addition, we would like to be likely to prove in Europe which we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, by recognizing the true democratic principles.
And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I would say to you very clearly: it must be given a chance to Kostunica, and I therefore hope that it will provide an amnesty over the coming weeks or months; but in the meantime, I hope, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line has programmes to de-mining and prevention for years.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We congratulate the provisions proposed in this respect by the Committee and by the general Assembly of the United Nations with regard to the method of non-governmental organisations, and the extraordinary session of September 2001.  
I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I find exemplary that France has resolved to take that step.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I am nonetheless convinced that our Parliament would have done better in devoting its voice to the Nice European Council, a specific resolution and separate issues so important and so difficult to the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than to deal with them in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda of the Council.
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament was in favour of a ban on the use of meat meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we had listened to.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We shall talk with one voice disgracieuse within the WTO.
The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum labelling and which has only been in force for two and a half months ago, does not make it possible to trace the origin of animals properly very late and have banned the specified risk material.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, just better to have no agreement than having an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the US proposal was a watered-down proposal, which is totally unacceptable for Europe.
Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is allowed that the knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition with mobility.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, there is, however, nothing worse than to have to warn the people a ruling in their favour could be a series of reassuring words and have no concrete result on their existence.
Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we belong to the club, or we are not and we must therefore be packed with this decision.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The preservation of the universal service with a compensation fund which would make it possible to initiate private benefits for the benefit of the public service will probably long fire.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	. The British Labour Members of the PSE Group welcomes the support given to the contribution to the work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without adhere entirely with all the details of this.
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, I shall concentrate in my speech on the report by Mrs Lalumière report, that I find well thought-out and clearly formulated.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	We should be pleased that Parliament has succeeded in bringing together a large majority in favour of greater transparency.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development which made them dependent on the borrowed capital.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line has programmes for mine clearance and prevention for years.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, and that is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.  
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	This is the position defended by the rapporteur and by the popular Party.  
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My Party to serious and about the rules of the sale of consumer products by means of the Community, just as it sets about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.  
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development which made highly dependent on capital borrowed.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	It is necessary to be delighted that the Parliament succeeded in gathering a broad majority in favour of a greater transparency.
That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	In view of the criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the Chancellor of the Exchequer has given a new interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including the British lorry drivers.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson that must keep this Assembly in its debate of this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are, all over the world, in a State of mess, and that we should get down to the task to put in order.  
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently working on the black market to obtain an employment in decent social conditions.
On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	In addition, we would like to have a chance to prove to the Europe that we are in a position to alone the cause of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, while recognizing the principles.  
Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted in favour of the Garcia-Margallo y Marfil report, which deals with the taxation of services provided electronically.
Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly, the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the different countries and for the EU as a whole - depends on the example of Denmark is for us to show - largely of the elimination of social and democratic deficits in European policy.
Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr. President, we can know the position of the Commission as regards access to public documents by reading the internal handbook which was given, on October 11, with the Commission officials in order to explain the way to them in which they were to treat the requests emanating of the deputies with regard to the access to the documents.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is right that the Committee on Legal Affairs persists in refusing a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be less than 7%.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The maintenance of the universal service means of a compensation fund which could initiate private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably deal fire.
Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly: the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and for the EU as a whole depend - the example of Denmark is here to show this - largely to the elimination of social and democratic deficits in European policy.
Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr. President, the Committee on Citizens and of the rights of citizens, justice and the businesses interiors prepared with much care the Karamanou report/ratio.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek imperative more the need to promote measures, of strengthening the institutions and the respect of human rights in Albania.  
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my eyes, there is however nothing worse than to have to inform people that a judgment delivered in their favour could be only one series of comforting words and not to have any practical consequence on their existence.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	In withdrawing our resolution, I am, however, convinced that our Parliament would have made its voice heard in dedicating, in view of the Nice Council, a resolution and traditional so important and so difficult to the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than to deal in the framework of a single resolution including also all the other points of the agenda of the Council.  
(Applause)	I have already replied on this point, and I entirely agree with what he has said about the need to improve considerably the public debate. I will not repeat what I said, but it is true that, all too often, citizens feel alienated to decisions that are taken in the bodies that they do not know.
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three major areas.	These weeks, three important have been achieved.  
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this co-operation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam the President, Mesdames and the European Deputies, the French presidency thanks you.
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, I shall concentrate in my speech on the report by Mrs Lalumière, report that I find well and clearly.  
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek ships ran, without there being the least storm in trimmings, Mr Gayssot.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara more imperative the need to promote measures of democratisation, strengthening of the institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first thoughts on this issue, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed to the Member States to promote action to develop what we might regard as a European police culture, based on the highest standards in the field of ethics, respect for the rights and freedoms of the citizens, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us organise ourselves in fifteen in order to be able to welcome in the countries that are knocking at our door.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	That is the position advocated by the rapporteur and supported by the European People's Party.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	It should be delighted that the Parliament together a broad majority in favour of greater transparency.  
Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is accepted that knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition to mobility.
I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find it a little strange to want as of now forcing the Commission to a motion for a resolution and to ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance.
But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	However, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of GDP of the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States.
On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	Furthermore, we would like to be able to demonstrate in Europe which we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognising the true democratic principles.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is absolutely not certain only the definition of fair price which is proposed is better than another, because the various definitions used currently in the Member States are enough all amply.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right to a government to remove arbitrarily its Constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text that calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future Treaty to be adopted in Nice.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, which is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.
Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you think that the “Austrian” model - namely decision making majority bilateral - will in the future constitute an instrument making it possible to make decisions by being unaware of the European institutions and to found a new institution, or a new group, to be able to circumvent the rule of unanimity within the Council?
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The safeguard of the universal service using compensation funds which would make it possible to engage of the private profits to the profit of the public service will probably make failure.
Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly: the approval of the enlargement and its positive prospects for the different countries and for the EU as a whole and - the example of Denmark is for us to the point - matters of the social and economic policy.  
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	It is a shame when they believe that the European Union presents itself as the champion of the modernisation of the life!  
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My Party expresses serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods by means of Community legislation, as it makes reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I ask you, on behalf of my colleagues of the Commission and on my own behalf, to send a message from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both of city of Galicia, where they are in the majority of victims.  
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I urge that to seize this motion, this invitation, this request of dialogue, to give further and to make sure that, together with this Assembly, these relics of a nationalist might be.  
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Ships Greeks have sunk, without that there are the slightest storm in the exist, Mr Gayssot.
People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The common economic activities create peaceful bonds between the people.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, it is necessary to say "no" to the concept to accept at the same time an important Group of countries, because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits.  
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us can organize itself to Fifteen in order to be able to accomodate under right conditions the countries which strike with our door.
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report aims to identify potential such improvements.
This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	This is our struggle for priority that the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implemented in political choices.
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the future Treaty which will be adopted in Nice.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept which bang would admit that at the same time an important group of countries, because that would be at odds with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	. The British Labour Members of the Group of the Party of European Socialists welcomes the support given to the contribution they have made to the work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without adhering fully to all the details of it.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies fall into force by the further restriction of the right of veto and to increasing the power of Parliament to the EU.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution about the Summit of Nice, which has just been voted, does not reflect it.
This is no time for the faint-hearted.	This is not the time to show.  
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Initially, that of a simplification and a clarification of the Treaties.
As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what measures are to be taken.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	(it) the British labour Members of the Group of the Party of European Socialists is very welcome to the contribution that they have continuous work of the IGC on the cooperation, without all the details of this.  
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain developed in a remarkably positive way the difficult vicinity which always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept bang who would like to see the same time admit a large group of countries, because that would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits.
There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point, it is the fact that we started the heading four, with its approach, but we do not know yet very well if we managed to solve the problem, in particular because the Council does not wish to take part sufficiently in the reflexion.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, encouraging the violence in their employment and go up to pay soldiers to draw on the demonstrators at the basis of warri.  
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will discuss also of the state of progress of accession negotiations, and therefore, of enlargement.
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I thank the rapporteur for the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this context, it is not or cannot be competitive without borders.  
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	We can, in fact, want more and better, but I believe that it is a good start.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is rightly that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights persists in the rejection of a ceiling and in the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be below 7%.
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have discussions on this issue, which show that all the Member States want to keep the ceiling after enlargement.
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have trade on this issue, where it appears that all Member States wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder whether the Commissioner already provides steps which will make it possible to show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with whom the European Union will now have to deal with.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the rapporteur's original and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the rules and codes of conduct needed to build, between insurers, forms of degree of costs guaranteeing all the supply of good quality care and to counter the risks of discriminatory practices and a risk selection and customers.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite course and we cannot approve it.
Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly, the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and for the whole of the EU depend - the example of Denmark is here to show this - largely to the elimination of social and democratic deficits of European policy.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not doomed to remain in the second group, and it is logical that it wants to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report.
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a most controversial issue, the Commission has called vigorously to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr. President, I have voting in favour of the report García-Margallo there Marfil, which relates to the tax on the abundant services with electronic way.
Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we part of the club, or we are not, and we must therefore we bow to this decision.
on the situation in Burma	On the situation in Burma.  
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the example of the original rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct needed to create, between insurers, the forms of mutual costs guaranteeing to all the provision of high-quality care and to counter the risk of seeing develop discriminatory practices and a risk selection and customers.
It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The task, which is important, however, did not arouse great interest on the part of the public yet.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson must retain this House in its debate this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are in the world, in a state of mess, and that we must get down to the task of up.
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	It is a shame when it is thought that the European Union is posed as a champion modernization of the economic life!
And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say this very clearly: it is necessary to give its chance to Kostunica and I hope that it will take time to a clear in the course of the coming weeks or months; but in the meantime, I hope, however, that, in terms of policy and in terms of the budget, the political conditions are the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely the and reconstruction.  
On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	Furthermore, we would have a chance to demonstrate to Europe that we are in a position to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro, in Yugoslavia, recognising the real democratic principles.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene with money and concrete actions, and not only with words.  
I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I am a bit of him now to compel the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him in a time to establish a Green Paper on the current State of voluntary insurance and health insurance.  
There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point, is the fact that we have initiated within category four, with his approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to solve the problem, not least because the Council does not wish to participate enough food for thought.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development which has made heavily dependent on capital loans.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that she wants to adhere to the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	question nº 6 of (H-0886/00):
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, there is nothing worse than having to warn people that a judgment in their favour could only be a series of reassuring words and have no practical effect on their existence.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Firstly, that of a simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the political priority of the Union, fishing, as an economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency has first restructured and then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	It is necessary to know today, since we are still in the uncertainty, which are the scientific, what are the measures to take.  
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I insist on this point because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this perspective, there is neither can be no competition without limits.
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They will continue to put the pressure. The money that they gain with the distribution beyond the limit of the 150 grams makes it possible them to reinforce their position.
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against a text which calls for the integration of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future Treaty which will be adopted at Nice.
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we define a clear and binding framework for the Member States, the various systems to meet these demands should have a longer period of put to the test.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that we shall, of course, be voting.
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question 6 (H-0886 / 00):  
This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	That is our fight priority for the affirmation of fundamental rights is implemented in political choices.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	As the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has also a solid experience regarding such forms of control; we can take to basis.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament called for in its resolution of 16 March 2000, they initiatives the European Council Presidency intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan?
There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have begun category four, with his approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to solve the problem, not least because the Council does not wish to participate in the discussion.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and concrete action, and not only with words.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Firstly, the simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can apply to all drugs récréationnelles provided that the consumer but dangerous drugs is the only to run risks.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the ultimate goal of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and, of course, we cannot approve it.
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	Everyone who works are currently obtiendraient undeclared work in decent social conditions.
Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you think the Austrian model '' - namely the bilateral majority decision-making - will in future an instrument to take decisions by ignoring the European institutions and to set up a new institution, or a new group, in order to get round the unanimity rule in the Council?
The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum labelling and which has only been in force for two and a half months ago, does not properly to trace the origin of animals and we have banned rather belatedly specified risk material.
Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you believe that the 'Austrian model' - namely the taking of bilateral majority decisions - in the future will be an instrument for taking decisions ignoring the European institutions and to build a new institution, or a new group, to be able to circumvent the rule of unanimity in the Council?
Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we belong to the club, or let us not be we and we thus should be folded with this decision.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I stress this because the market cannot solve all and that, accordingly, there is not and cannot have competition without limits.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament has called for in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that they initiatives will the presidency of the European Council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan?
But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	Nevertheless, I would like to say to the idea that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union does not believe that 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the bulk of this money is managed in the Member States.  
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three major areas.	In recent weeks, three major progress has been made.
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	It is a disgrace when it is believed that the European Union has set itself up as a champion modernisation of economic life.
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs Lalumière report, which I think is well thought-out and clearly formulated.
Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, when a company or unipersonnelle a society relying less than 250 employees has a project, it must be possible to receive funding not only with a guarantee to 120%, but also on the simple basis of a good idea.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which in turn will activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence food safety at regional level.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also that the report of the Court of Auditors was that it had some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.  
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been voted, do not reflect.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first thoughts on this issue, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission committed itself in relation to the Member States to promote an action intended to develop what we could describe as a European Commissioner culture, based on the highest standards of ethics, respect for human rights and freedoms, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.
On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both Brittany that Marín, city of Galicia, where are from most of the victims.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I stress this because the market cannot solve all and that, in this sense, there is no cannot be competitive without limits.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Faced with these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on citizens' freedoms and rights, justice and internal Affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report.  
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament has voted in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we had listened to.
Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and we are to retain any prepared very carefully the Karamanou report.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	The UK Labour Members of the PSE Group welcome the favourable reception reserved for the contribution they have made to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing totally at all the details of this.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line, programmes and of many years.  
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a controversial issue, the Commission has called with force to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find it a little strange to try to now force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him in a same time to establish a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and health insurance complementary.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000 by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping of a Spanish sophistry in Colombia engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	Since 1996, the European Parliament decided in favour of a ban on the use of meat meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we had been listened to.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally I welcome the idea of us to give an annual assessment of the implementation of the programme.  
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder whether the Commissioner already provides for steps to show that we consider Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union will now have to deal with.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I nevertheless expresses the conviction that our Parliament would have done better its voice heard in devoting, in view of the Nice European Council, a specific and separate resolution to the issues so important and so difficult for the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than dealt with in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda for the Council.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	This is a development of the kind that I wish the other States of the European Union.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is still seen is that of a provision in the European Community from a third country.
I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I think it is exemplary that France is resolved to take this step.
On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and to the local authorities of both Brittany and of Marín, city of Galicia, which is from the majority of the victims.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the primary objective and the secondary objectives, will represent the stone of hitting enabling us to judge the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of the national democracies is increasingly to restrict the right of veto and of giving Parliament more power for the EU.
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party issues serious reservations in connection with the regulation of the sales of products of consumption by the means of the community legislation, just like it issues reserves in connection with the concept of mutual recognition of the standards.
I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I find that France exemplary committed itself to take this step.
There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	It is, of course, a very important point, it is the fact that we have the section four, with its approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to solve the problem, in particular because the Council does not wish to participate enough.  
And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And let me make it very clear: it is necessary to give its chance Kostunica, and I therefore hope that it will ensure an amnesty in the weeks and months ahead; but in the meantime, I wish, however, that, politically, and the budgetary level, the political conditions be coupled with the introduction of these two new budgetary lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is rightly that the Legal Committee persists in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be lower than 7%.
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr. President, I will concentrate in my intervention on the report/ratio of Mrs. Lalumière, report/ratio which I find formulated well conceived and clearly.
I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I find exemplary that France determined itself to cross this step.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your warm welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament, the French Presidency thank you.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	The situation is worsening, when it comes to women distant countries who have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet their basic needs.
The debate is closed.	In the debate is closed.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is right that the Committee on Legal Affairs continues in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be less than 7%.
(The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)	(The sitting was suspended at 14h06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara make more imperative the need to promote democratisation measures, of institution building and respect for the rights of the man in Albania.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	The UK Labour Members of the PSE Group welcome the favourable response given to the contribution they have made to the continuing work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without adhering fully to all the details of this.
Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted in favour of the García-Margallo y Marfil report, which concerns the taxation of services provided by electronic means.
Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The statements must be followed up by practical actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.
Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you think that the ‘ Austrian 'model – namely decision-making majority bilateral - will in future be an instrument for making it possible to take decisions by ignoring the European institutions and to establish a new institution, or a new group, to be able to get round the unanimity rule in the Council?
When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to put the precautionary principle into practice.
This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	It is our priority for the assertion of fundamental rights is in political choices.  
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We heard that the previous presidency initially restructured then dismantled the ministry for the equal opportunity.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can also apply to all drugs rÃ©crÃ©ationnelles but dangerous, provided that the consumer of drugs is the only one to run risks.
This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	It is our priority combat so that the assertion of fundamental rights is concretized in political choices.
Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted in favour of the García-Margallo y Marfil report, which concerns the taxation of services provided by way.  
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally, I welcome the idea of giving an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the programme.
Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Especially, when a unipersonal company or a company less cash than 250 paid has a project, it must be possible to be given a financing not only with one guarantee with 120%, but also on the simple basis of an good idea.
Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the priority Union policy, fishing, as an economic sector, cannot remain in margin.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not want in the Treaty, which shows that this text must be put aside.  
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	In fact, it is not absolutely certain that the definition of price that is proposed is better than another, because the different currently in the Member States all fully.  
(Applause)	I have already said on this point and I fully endorse what he said on the need to improve the public debate considerably I will not repeat what I said, but it is true that, all too often the citizens feel alienated by decisions taken in authorities that they do not know.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Mr Commissioner.  
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and that is why we have decided to put this issue on the agenda.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson for us within this House in its debate this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the laws at sea are, in the world, in a state of chaos, and that we must get down to work to bring order.
Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we are part of the club, or we are not and we must therefore we abide by this decision.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right to a government to remove arbitrarily its constitution is defining characteristic of a tyranny.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is not at all convinced that the definition of fair price which is proposed is better than another, because the different definitions used in the Member States are sufficient all amply.
The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum labelling and which entered into force for two and a half months, does not allow for properly tracing the origin of animals, and we have belatedly banned specified risk material.
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It happening in trial on 8 January. he is accused of taking part in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, what to do deny it.
When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are confronted with a potential risk, it is important to put the precautionary principle into practice.
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament is in favour of a ban on the use in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only they had.  
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	An evolution which made them strongly dependent on the borrowed capital.
Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and internal affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report.
The debate is closed.	The debate is closed.  
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future Treaty, which will be adopted in Nice.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not even want to incorporate it into the Treaty, which shows that this text was to be put to one side.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament called for in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that these initiatives is the Presidency of the European Council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN Peace Plan?
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those which currently work with the black would obtain an employment under decent social conditions.
As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	We need to know today, since we are always in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what measures are to be taken.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	- (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united Europe.
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and therefore we decided to put this point at the order of business.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been passed, does not reflect the.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This Parliament has, however, also fought for this reduction in the funds allocated to the innovative actions should be compensated for by the use of flexible framework, set out in a statement on the financial perspective.
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting.
That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Faced with criticisms, particularly those of Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer has given a new interpretation: it is now a matter of resources for all users, including the drivers of heavy goods vehicles.  
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It crosses the 8 January of this year. it is to have a Union of Tunisian opponents in France, which Moreover it.  
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we create a clear framework and binding on the Member States, the various systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period test.
And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say to you very clearly: we need to give its opportunity to Koitunica, and I therefore hope that he will ensure an amnesty over the coming weeks or months; but meanwhile, I hope, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction.
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report is designed to identify such potential improvements.
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	It is urgent and that is why we have decided to put this item on the agenda.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	We can actually want more and better, but I think quite honestly that it is a good start.
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)  
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumption by means of Community legislation, as it has reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
He saw a red rose.	He drove a rose colored car. 
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders benefit aujourd' hui of a new luck and let's let them therefore seize it.
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs.
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would like to remind you that among our allies, there are strong of this tax.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30pm
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was not a majority voting in Parliament to go back to Article 272.
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	It has the effect of augmenting the potency of the big countries to the detriment of babies.
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishers are inactive, tired and disappointed.
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	Leaders now have another chance to let them and therefore take.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 17h30.
There must be a balance as a whole.	The body must be in balance.
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We are proud often here to represent the citizens of Europe.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(The Parliament adopts legislative resolution)
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders benefit aujourd ' hui d ' a new chance and therefore let us let them it grab.
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I belong to the Members who are present rather honourably.
Tunisia	Tunisia
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	It did not not more of the qualified majority in this Parliament to return to the Article 272.
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained, at second reading, a crisis is at the root of this modification of Directive.
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy.
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes changes to certain paragraphs references.
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We take pride often here to represent the European citizens.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	Often we are proud of representing Europe's citizens.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I want to say to you that among our allies, there are fervent of this tax.
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I insist on reminding you that among our allies, there are devotees of this tax.
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	Perhaps we should have been able to prevent a disaster.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential.
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	It has increased the power of the large countries to the detriment of small.
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the rules of procedure opens the door to the arbitrary.
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Relation Maij-Weggen (A5-0323/2000)
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank-You, Mister the Commissioner.
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We we take pride often here of representing the european citizens.
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	It has in fact increased the power of large countries to the detriment of small.
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	Perhaps then we would have avoided a catastrophe.
There must be a balance as a whole.	Group must be in equilibrium.
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was not either qualified majority within this Parliament to come back to the article 272.
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000)
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I wish to take the protection of workers of this sector.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to the paragraphs.
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders benefit today of a new chance and thus let the matter.
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of the Members who are rather honourably here.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place with 17h30.
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small.
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders profit aujourd' hui of a new luck and let us leave them therefore to seize it.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(The Parliament adopts the legislative resolution)
Tunisia	Tunisia
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarized in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy.
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no more qualified majority voting in this Parliament to come back to Article 272.
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	It does not was not no longer a majority voting in this Parliament to return to the article 272.
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	Given the leaders today a new chance and thus let the approach.
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I l ' have already explained in second reading, a crisis is at the root of this modification of directive.
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000)
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We would perhaps then able prevent a disaster.
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I want to take the protection of workers.
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue supporting Latvia on the question of the Russian population.
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am part of Members who are not properly present.
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000)
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would like to remind you that our allies, there are ardent supporters of this tax.
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We preserve unanimity in the Council and thus a latent incapacity to act.
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small.
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small.
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report In particular A5-0241 -- 2000)
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is of our duty to continue supporting the Latvia on the question of the incorporation of the Russian population.
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Mr Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000)
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr. President, the Cashman report/ratio can summarize himself in a few words: capacity of the citizens on the bureaucracy.
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to the paragraphs.
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users are the losers, employees, and European competitiveness and growth régresseront.
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support the Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This regulation point opens the door to the arbitrary one.
Tunisia	Tunisia
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	Fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointment.
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is that the European Union is involved and that it do so quickly.
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am part of Members who are not properly present.
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	Has the effect of increasing the power of the large at the expense of smaller countries.
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable.
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable.
Tunisia	Tunisia
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000)
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272.
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	The amendment 7 proposes some changes in the references to the paragraphs.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Report Van Orden (A5-0241 / 2000)
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I would like to make the defence of workers in this sector.
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the payment opens the door with the arbitrary one.
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of citizens on the bureaucracy.
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users will be the losers, with the employees, and European competitiveness and growth will regress.
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	This has the effect of increasing the power of large countries at the expense of smaller.
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272.
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of those Members who are rather honourably here.
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population.
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders have today of a new opportunity and let them therefore seized.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Specific assistances like the support of the market or the premium with grass are essential.
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of the Members of Parliament who are rather present.
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.
There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be in balance.
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector.
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	Perhaps we would then have to avoid a disaster.
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It suits that the European Union implies itself and that she do it quickly.
Tunisia	Tunisia
There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be in balance.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	The occasional aid as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential.
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I would like to defend workers in the sector.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
Tunisia	Tunisia
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the regulation opens the door to arbitrariness.
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I already explained in second reading, a crisis is at the base of this modification of directive.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is right that the European Union is involved, and for this to be done quickly.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We maintain the unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent capacity to act.
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained in second reading, is at the root of this directive.
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I hold to the defence of workers in this sector.
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support the Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population.
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (5 / 2000)
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Mister the Commissioner.
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000)
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of the citizens on bureaucracy.
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	On others who are unfortunately in the reason of a vengeance gained.
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained at second reading, a crisis is on the basis of this amended directive.
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable.
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272.
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is of our duty to continue to support Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population.
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other separate unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated.
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to paragraphs.
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	The specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to the grass is necessary.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable.
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders have now of a new chance and let -- therefore the take.
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy.
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We maybe then could have avoided a catastrophe.
Tunisia	Tunisia
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the report Mr Cashman's can be summarised in a few words: the power of people on the tape.
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We have the unanimity in the Council and therefore a covert inability to act.
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mister the President, I am anxious to take the defense of the workers of this sector.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(The Parliament adopts the legislative resolution)
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	Users will be the losers, with employees, and European competitiveness and growth Régresseront.
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am part of the parliamentary ones that are rather present honorably.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	The specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential.
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We preserve the unanimity to the Counsel and therefore a latent inability to act.
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary.
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report (5 / 2000)
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are unemployed, tired and disappointed.
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report (5 / 2000)
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained at second reading, a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive.
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Report Maij-Weggen (A5-0323 / 2000)
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The consumers are the losers, with the employees, and the competitiveness and the growth European régresseront.
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Report Horsebox Orden (A5-0241 / 2000)
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Some separate themselves unfortunately in view of a grudge gained.
Tunisia	Tunisia
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We ourselves often represent European citizens.
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	Users will be the losers, with employees, and régresseront European competitiveness and growth.
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We maintain unanimity in Council and therefore a latent inability to act.
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector.
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We keep unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act.
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the report Cashman can come down in some words: the power of the citizens on officialism.
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I would like to take the protection of workers in this sector.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will place to 17h30.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will be to 17h30.
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	The European Union itself and do so quickly.
There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be in balance.
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Report Maij-Weggen In particular A5-0323 -- 2000)
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is appropriate that the European Union is involved and that it makes it quickly.
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	It did not exist not more qualified majority within this Parliament to come back to the item 272.
There must be a balance as a whole.	All must be balanced.
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We would perhaps then could prevent a disaster.
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would remind you that one of our allies, it is very much of this tax.
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	D 'other separate themselves unfortunately because of an accumulated grudge.
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point in the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.
There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be in balance.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	The specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to the grass are essential.
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mister Preside over it, I insist on taking the defense of the workers of this sector.
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	That has for effect to increase the power of the big countries to the detriment of the small ones.
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would like to remind you that one of our allies, there are ardent supporters of this tax.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	The occasional aid as the market or the grass is essential.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Specific aid as the market or the premium on grass are essential.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Mister Commissioner.
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe.
Tunisia	Tunisia
Tunisia	Tunisia
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000)
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarized in two words: the power of the people on the tape.
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We might then have to avoid a disaster.
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders have today a new chance and let them therefore seize it.
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen inactive, are tired and disappointed.
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 is proposing certain amendments in the references to the paragraphs.
Tunisia	Tunisia
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would like to remind you that among our allies, there are ardent supporters of this tax.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000)
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We keep unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act.
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is that the European Union is means and that it be done very soon.
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Punctual helps as the support of the market or bonus in the grass are necessary.
There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be balanced.
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000)
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the regulation opens the door to arbitrariness.
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am part of parliamentarians who are rather present honourably.
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mister the President, the report Cashman can summarize itself in some words: the strength of the citizens on the bureaucracy.
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is that the European Union is involved and that it will soon.
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here.
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is right that the European Union is it entails, and do so quickly.
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I want to stand up for workers of this area.
There must be a balance as a whole.	The unit must be in balance.
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We keep l ' unanimity in Council and therefore a latent inability to act.
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	Norms are barely comparable and even less alienable.
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders are here today to a new chance and let them therefore the take.
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr. President, I make a point of taking the defense of the workers of this sector.
Tunisia	Tunisia
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272.
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We keep unanimity in the Council and thus a latent failure to act.
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	The report Maij-Weggen, A5-0323/2000 --
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy.
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We we pride often here of representing the European citizens.
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of Procedure opens the door to the arbitrary.
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other separate unfortunately because of an accumulated resentment.
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I want to remind you that of our allies, it is of major of tax.
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000)
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders now have another chance to let them and therefore seize it.
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I form part of the members of Parliament who are rather honourably present.
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We often enorgueillissons ourselves here to represent the European citizens.
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised as follows: the citizens on bureaucracy.
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment 7 changes in references to paragraphs.
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is appropriate that the European Union means and that it should do so quickly.
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I am anxious to recall you that among our allies, there is fervent of this tax.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Punctual help as the support of the market or the bonus at the grass is essential.
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population.
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would remind you that our allies, devotees of this tax.
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs.
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders are today a new chance and thus let.
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There did not exist either of majority qualified within this Parliament to return in article 272.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 17h30.
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We are proud often of representing the European citizens here.
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act.
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Report maij-weggen (A5-0323/2000)
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Others separate unfortunately because of an accumulated resentment.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	, The Parliament adopted the legislative resolution --
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Specific aid, support or market at grass is essential.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Support specific as the support of the market or the premium to the grass is necessary.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Punctual assistance as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential.
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe.
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other divide unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated.
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would like to remind you that among our allies, there are enthusiasts of this tax.
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Report Van Orden (A5-0241/2000)
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here.
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable.
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other divide unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated.
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy.
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	That has as effect to increase the power of the great countries to the detriment of the small ones.
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Others are parting unfortunately because of a rancune gained.
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other divide unfortunately due to a accumulated ill-will.
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other diverge unfortunately owing to an accumulated vengeance.
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would like to remind you that among our allies, there are ardent supporters of this tax.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential.
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders now have a new chance and let them therefore seize it.
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary.
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other separate unfortunately because of resentment accumulated.
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was not majority qualified within this Parliament to bring back to the article 272 either.
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Others unfortunately diverge in response to rancune gained.
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I wish to take the protection of workers of the sector.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place on 17: 30.
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable.
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	It has to effect of increasing the power of the large countries to the detriment of small.
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We could perhaps have been able to prevent a disaster.
There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be in balance.
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained to us at second reading, a crisis is at the root of this amendment to Directive.
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272.
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	This is to increase the power of the large countries at the expense of small.
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector.
There must be a balance as a whole.	All must be balanced.
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users will be the losers, with the employees, and European competitiveness and the growth will regress.
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable.
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Others separate themselves unfortunately because of an amassed grudge.
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	Fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	The European Union must be involved and do so quickly.
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We might then have to avoid a disaster.
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	Users will be the losers, with the employees, and the competitiveness and European growth régresseront.
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This paves the way for the of the Rules of Procedure here.
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already said in the second reading, a crisis is at the basis of this amendment of directive.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	In particular Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would like to remind you that among our allies, there are ardent supporters of this tax.
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained in second reading, a crisis is at the basis of this modification of directive.
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population.
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is important that the European Union itself and to do it quickly.
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries to the detriment of small.
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here.
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained in second reading, a crisis is to the basis of this amendment of the directive.
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	Then we might have been able to avoid a disaster.
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable.
Tunisia	Tunisia was
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs.
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	The amendment 7 proposes some modifications in the references to the paragraphs.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Mr Commissioner.
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is important that the European Union to be involved and to do it quickly.
There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be in balance.
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other separate unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated.
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Relation Horse-Trailer Orden (A5-0241/2000)
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders are today of a new chance and therefore let us take it.
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarized briefly: the power of the people on bureaucracy.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is appropriate that the European Union is and what it implies does it quickly.
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to press for Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian people.
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act.
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained at second reading, a crisis is at the root of this amendment to Directive.
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are to death similar and even less transferable.
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is necessary that the European Union gets involved and that it makes it fast.
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	Has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of the smaller countries.
There must be a balance as a whole.	The together must be in balance.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population.
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We preserve the unanimity at the Council and thus a latent incapacity to act.
There must be a balance as a whole.	The unity must be in balance.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Mrs Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000)
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	Users are the losers, with workers and European competitiveness and innovation régresseront.
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We would perhaps have been able to prevent a disaster.
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy.
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained it in second reading, a crisis is at the base of this modification of directive.
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have explained, a crisis at second reading is the basis of amendment of the directive.
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We enorgueillissons ourselves often here to represent the European citizens.
There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be in balance.
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000)
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	That causes to increase the power of the large countries to the detriment of small.
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population.
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of procedure opens the door to the arbitrary.
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Specific aid as the market or the premium on grass are essential.
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty of continue to support the Latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian people.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 17h30.
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We could perhaps then have avoided a catastrophe.
Tunisia	Tunisia
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable.
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We might then have to avoid a disaster.
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We keep unanimity in Council and therefore a latent incapacity to act.
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	It did not exist either qualified majority in this Parliament to return to article 272.
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We would maybe then have been able to avoid a disaster.
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	Consumers will be the losers, with workers and competitiveness and growth regress.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	Then we might have been able to avoid a disaster.
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000)
Tunisia	Tunisia
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We are often here to represent the citizens of Europe.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	It has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries, to the detriment of the small ones.
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here.
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users will be the losers, with the employees, and the competitiveness and growth regress.
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable.
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of the Members who are rather present.
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We preserve the unanimity to the Advice and therefore a latent inability to act.
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000)
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It suits that the European Union is implied and that it makesit rapidly.
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We are often here to represent the European citizens.
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are idle, tired and disappointed.
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Mr Commissioner.
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	Users will be the losers, with employees, and European competitiveness and growth Régresseront.
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The norms are hardly comparable and still less transferable.
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I want to remind you that of our allies, it is of much of this tax.
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the regulations opens the door to the arbitrary one.
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Mrs Maij-Weggen's report (5 / 2000)
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of the citizens on the bureaucracy.
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the regulations opens the door to arbitrary power.
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	A specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential.
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This Regulation opens the door to the arbitrary.
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users will be the losers, with the employees, and the European competitiveness and growth will recede.
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We often take pride here in representing the European citizens.
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is of our duty to continue to support the Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Mister the Police chief.
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report (A5-0241/2000)
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	The amendment 7 proposes some changes in the references to the paragraphs.
Tunisia	Tunisia
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders have today a new chance and let them therefore seize it.
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mister Preside over it, the relation Cashman can amount in some words: the power of the citizens on the bureaucracy.
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	D ' others part unfortunately in reason d ' a collected resentment.
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is of our duty of continuing press Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population.
There must be a balance as a whole.	All must be in balance.
Tunisia	Tunisia
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable.
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Report Van Orden (A5-0241 / 2000)
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am part of the members of parliament who are rather honorably present.
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act.
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders profit today from a new chance and thus let them seize it.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(the Parliament adopts the legislative resolution)
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	That was to increase the power of the large countries to the detriment of small.
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of those Members who are quite properly here.
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This regulation opens the door to the arbitrary.
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I already explained it in second reading, a crisis is located to the basis of this modification of directive.
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Report/ratio Maij-Weggen (A5-0323/2000)
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I make a point of recalling you that among our allies, there are enthusiasts of this tax.
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users will be the losers, with employees, and European competitiveness and growth will diminish.
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained in second reading, a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive.
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users will be the losers, with employees, and European competitiveness and growth will diminish.
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector.
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Report/ratio Van Orden (A5-0241/2000)
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I should like to take the defence of workers in this sector.
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users will be the losers, with the employees, and the competitiveness and the European growths will decline.
There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be in balance.
Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We keep unanimity in the Council, and therefore a latent inability to act.
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users are the losers, with the employees, and the competitiveness and growth european régresseront.
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.
Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector.
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The norms are scarcely comparable and again less transférables.
Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential.
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to the paragraphs.
Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	Consumers will be the losers, with employees, and competitiveness and growth régresseront European.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders now have a new chance and let them therefore take.
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The rules are comparable only good, let alone.
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment 7 offers certain modifications in references to paragraphs.
Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Report Van Orden, A5-0241/2000 --
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This regulation opens the door to arbitrariness.
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is appropriate that the European Union is implied and that it does it quickly.
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs.
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We would perhaps have been able to then avoid a disaster.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	Often we pride ourselves here to represent the people of Europe.
The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable.
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained at second reading, a crisis is at the root of this amendment of directive.
As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained at second reading, a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive.
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is appropriate that the European Union means and that it should do so quickly.
Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other separate unfortunately a accumulated resentment.
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We might have been able to prevent a disaster.
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would like to remind you that one of our allies, there are strong this tax.
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is of our duty of continue to support the country on the issue of the integration of the Russian people.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	Vote will take place at 17 h 30.
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272.
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I hold you recall that our allies, there are enthusiastic about this tax.
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe.
render one language in another language	restate (words) from one language into another language.
nations unified by shared interests, history or institutions	a group of nations having common interests.
convert into absorbable substances, (as if) with heat or chemical process	soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action, heat, or moisture.
devote or adapt exclusively to an skill, study, or work	devote oneself to a special area of work.
elevated wooden porch of a house	a porch that resembles the deck on a ship.
either half of an archery bow	either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip.
a removable device that is an accessory to larger object	a supplementary part or accessory.
restrict or confine	place limits on (extent or access).
orient, be positioned	be opposite.
Bring back to life, return from the dead	cause to become alive again.
anything illusory, not concrete or real	something with no concrete substance.
a name or trait that identifies a product or type of thing	a name given to a product or service.
the processing or operation of something	a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program.
line, cover	cover the front or surface of.
determine a standard; estimate a capacity or measurement	estimate the value of.
an interpretation, an account or reading of an event or situation	a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something.
festive social event, celebration	an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment.
Make fine adjustments to for optimal    operation; adjust to a certain scale.	make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring.
a short lyric or poem intended to be sung	a narrative song with a recurrent refrain.
effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity	handle effectively.
employ or become employed in a position	appoint someone to (a position or a job).
group of people defined by a specific profession	organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical).
storage cabinet furniture	office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order.
Signal (approval or interest) by winking; briefly shut one eye.	signal by winking.
capital stock in a corporation	any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate.
prove or corroborate	establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts.
(the content of) a communication.	a communication (usually brief) that is written or spoken or signaled.
a partial denture	a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth.
move to a lower position, terminate something	terminate an association with.
flow, as of liquids	reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating.
seal, insulate or protect	treat the body or any part of it by wrapping it, as with blankets or sheets, and applying compresses to it, or stuffing it to provide cover, containment, or therapy, or to absorb blood.
scar physically; create a mark on someone or something	make underscoring marks.
Surround completely; close in, as if with a    covering or border.	surround completely.
the act or event of ending a process, state, situation	the end of a word (a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme).
the price of a good or service	an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence.
depict or portray in art, words, or model	create an image or likeness of.
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag	bend into the shape of a crank.
Annoy, harass, or mock, perhaps playfully.	mock or make fun of playfully.
(Cause to) smell bad.	be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance.
social ranking or position	the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society.
ponder, consider, observe carefully	consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning.
persuade or achieve acceptance	persuade somebody to accept something.
physical matter left behind after a removal process	matter that remains after something has been removed.
any tall, vertical shape	anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower.
physically inflate	become inflated.
heavy radioactive metallic element, atomic number 92	a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in many isotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons.
Complain about something or say mean things    to someone.	say mean things.
care about, be bothered by, be concerned by	be offended or bothered by; take offense with, be bothered by.
the tallied points of a game, at a given time	a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest.
edit so as to block the truth; prevent distribution	subject to political, religious, or moral censorship.
a casual, brief meeting with someone	a casual or unexpected convergence.
an electrical connection between conductor and earth	a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body, such as the earth (which is taken to be at zero voltage).
an agent's act of terminating an activity or event	the act of ending something.
notable or famous persons (real or fictional)	a well-known or notable person.
a person who manipulate or controls a device or machine	an agent that operates some apparatus or machine.
find, determine the place of	determine or indicate the place, site, or limits of, as if by an instrument or by a survey.
to engage in plotting or activities of an illegal or deceitful nature	act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose.
be equivalent, have the same effect as something	be tantamount or equivalent to.
(cause to) survive	cause to move by pulling.
the money	a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cause.
a sudden emotional vocalization	a loud utterance of emotion (especially when inarticulate).
go back, restore, revive	go back to a previous state.
settlement of people distant from their homeland	a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government.
(The discovery or exhibition of) factual evidence that establishes the truth of something.	a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it.
enter a realm, become involved with	cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition.
a project or undertaking	earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something.
a standardized system of measurements for heaviness	a system of units used to express the weight of something.
a concern or affair	some situation or event that is thought about.
have a strong sexual attraction to	feel or have a desire for; want strongly.
a surrogate expression, utterance for a taboo word	a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing.
facility for secure storage of things, often money	a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping.
emit or cause to emit noise	make a certain noise or sound.
make physical contact with, possibly with the effect of physically manipulating.	cause to be in brief contact with.
find out or be informed of a new information, understand or realize	get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally.
head of a country	the chief executive of a republic.
Touch with the lips.	touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc..
a natural physical force of drawing towards something	the force used in pulling.
a change which is a decrease	a gradual decrease; as of stored charge or current.
an evaluation, an estimation of worth, a grade	a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance).
having responsibility for managing or supervising	an impetuous rush toward someone or something.
fail or suffer failure	suffer failure, as in some enterprise.
an abundance of something	the property of copious abundance.
An authoritative text or the corresponding citation.	a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage.
An instance of visual perception.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent.
fluctuate, move back and forth	sway to and fro.
the alleviation of distress	a change for the better.
A ceremony marking admission into a religious community.	a sacrament admitting a baptized person to full participation in the church.
a social gesture of deferential greeting	a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard.
move to a new location, state, or situation	cause (a computer) to execute a single command.
Change one for another	give to, and receive from, one another.
a full stop, as a punctuation mark	a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations.
something that is craved	something craved, especially an intravenous injection of a narcotic drug.
to grow rapidly	increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner.
Speak in a high-pitched tone of voice, as          either an animal or human might.	make high-pitched sounds.
domesticated animals kept for use or profit	a special variety of domesticated animals within a species.
a discipline, a branch of knowledge	the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings.
a person who is aggressively pursued, chased	a person who is the aim of an attack (especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence.
personnel casualty	military personnel lost by death or capture.
escape or avoid a situation or responsibility	use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid.
a relative loss in price, value	a loss entailed by giving up or selling something at less than its value.
a measurable or quantitative decrease	a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity.
Change the key, pitch, tone, or volume of,    likely for aesthetic reasons.	change the key of, in music.
a written message of nonacceptance	a message refusing to accept something that is offered.
(cause to) stop speaking or bring about silence	move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut.
injure, scratch the surface	cut the surface of; wear away the surface of.
A plant structure near the top of the plant.	a fruiting structure resembling an umbrella or a cone that forms the top of a stalked fleshy fungus such as a mushroom.
a written list of particular things being offered	a list of particulars (as a playbill or bill of fare).
a notational mark used in writing, diacritic	a diacritical mark used to indicate stress or placed above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation.
the state of believing in, or having confidence in, something or someone	the trait of believing in the honesty and reliability of others.
an attempt or effort to achieve a goal	an attempt to get something.
increase in amount, extent, or intensity	go up or advance.
clean, wash thoroughly	clean with hard rubbing.
compress out of shape or into small pieces	become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure.
point or direct object, weapon, or blow at something or someone	point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards.
employ or utilize, put into service	give or convey physically.
Spin, wind, braid, or twist together,    perhaps as when performing lacework.	do lacework.
a decorative container, often for holding flowers	an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers.
preserve, keep in safety, use frugally	preserve with sugar.
an open motorboat used for transport	a motorboat with an open deck or a half deck.
a process of development, increase or advancement	a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important.
Make sure of.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something.
supply or furnish with something needed or wanted	give something useful or necessary to.
a sharp bladed instrument for shaving off hair	edge tool used in shaving.
learn, assimilate a body of knowledge	learn by reading books.
support; hold up; nurture or provide for	lengthen or extend in duration or space.
keep away, prevent from happening, or not do something	refrain from doing something.
Something that provides advice.	something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action.
The act of copying the actions of someone else.	a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect.
a physical entity	a separate and self-contained entity.
lessen in force, impact, or effect	make less severe or harsh.
a judgement or opinion about something	a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody.
flog or whip	beat severely with a whip or rod.
act, form, or progress according to a plan or ideal	shape or influence; give direction to.
Germinate, as in a plant.	produce buds, branches, or germinate.
social sphere, scope of activity or interest	a particular environment or walk of life.
a static vertical layout, e.g. text or numbers	a vertical array of numbers or other information.
recognize, be familar or well-versed with	be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.
a portrayal of someone or something, through words or behavior	any likeness of a person, in any medium.
a device to control the rate of some activity, e.g., chemical or mechanical	any of various controls or devices for regulating or controlling fluid flow, pressure, temperature, etc..
Form an aesthetic or conceptual whole.	cause to form a united, orderly, and aesthetically consistent whole.
human legs, informal usage	informal terms for the leg.
goal or objective	the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable).
protect from heat, cold, or other detrimental conditions	place or set apart.
an allotment or percentage of something	assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group.
something that attains victory	an event that accomplishes its intended purpose.
line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment	place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight.
a home furnishing that is a fabric cover	bedclothes consisting of a lightweight cloth covering (an afghan or bedspread) that is casually thrown over something.
meshed frame over windows and doors	a protective covering consisting of netting; can be mounted in a frame.
a measure of the likelihood or probability of an event	a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible.
Anyone who judges or finds fault with something.	someone who frequently finds fault or makes harsh and unfair judgments.
the rescue or release of someone, something	recovery or preservation from loss or danger.
observe, perceive	observe with care or pay close attention to.
limit, keep under control, deter, forbid	to compel or deter by or as if by threats.
stick out, jut out, protrude	extend out or project in space.
to act as the host of	be the host of or for.
put an end to, make invalid a process that's already begun	make invalid for use.
enjoy, be fond of or approve	feel about or towards; consider, evaluate, or regard.
per centum	a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred).
an approximate attribute or quality of something	an approximate definition or example.
The act of having and controlling property.	the state or fact of being an owner.
a physical protuberance, large or small	a natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea).
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something	evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of.
a portion or percentage of a whole	the part played by a person in bringing about a result.
lightest most abundant element, atomic number 1	a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe.
a unit cost of something	a single chance or instance.
move back and forth	move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern.
a cyclical span of time defined by a calendar system	a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.
face an event and survive; endure	face and withstand with courage.
(medicine) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease.	(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease.
a statement, an idea expressed in language	a brief statement.
perform a duty	do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function.
soldier who is a member of a special forces group	a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids.
become master of, overcome, dominate	get on top of; deal with successfully.
area of damaged, cut tissue on a living body	a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat.
revolve	change directions as if revolving on a pivot.
twice the quantity or amount of something	a quantity that is twice as great as another.
Give an incentive for action, provoke or    stir up, urge on, or cause to act.	provoke or stir up.
Funeral direction	the trade of a funeral director.
to ignite or catch on fire	catch fire.
a large approximate quantity of some attribute or thing	a concentrated example of something.
Medicines	a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic.
a method for solving a problem	the successful action of solving a problem.
reach an objective, attain a benchmark or goal	develop in a positive way.
take something or someone away from somewhere	go away or leave.
a stiffener in a garment	(nautical) brace consisting of a heavy rope or wire cable used as a support for a mast or spar.
a constructed underground passageway	a passageway through or under something, usually underground (especially one for trains or cars).
discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience	be fully aware or cognizant of.
move or change one's own position or quality	move very slightly.
incorporate or enclose one thing in another	incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating.
guide, draw through	pass over, across, or through.
rescue, redeem, deliver from harm or danger	refrain from harming.
beat (as if) with a whip or rod	strike as if by whipping.
the medical procedure of manually turning the uterus	manual turning of a fetus in the uterus (usually to aid delivery).
create an edge or border	enclose in or as if in a frame.
restart or continue an activity after an interruption or pause	take up or begin anew.
capture, ensnare, discover in the act	discover or come upon accidentally, suddenly, or unexpectedly; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state.
initiation, founding, introduction of something	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.
a creased or bent form	an angular or rounded shape made by folding.
train, tutor or polish social behavior, taste, judgement	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment.
a mental activity of construing or interpreting	an interpretation of a text or action.
emphasize; draw attention to; underline	draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to.
possibility for the future	a prediction of the course of a disease.
require or need something that is missing	have need of.
an indication or manifestation of something, often physical	an indication of damage.
a sudden, brief burst of light	a momentary brightness.
come or bring back to life, health, existence or use	cause to regain consciousness.
A mental state of sadness.	a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity.
position or location change	the act of changing the location of something.
(cause to) move through a space, circuit or system, usu. returning to the starting point	move in circles.
bring in to consonance	bring (several things) into consonance or relate harmoniously.
submit, send to	cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition.
state of being unified	the state of being joined or united or linked.
(Cause to) become different or aquire a          different character, possibly during development.	become distinct and acquire a different character.
an objective or goal	the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable).
seize and take captive; take or gain possession of something	take possession of by force, as after an invasion.
give, dedicate, pledge	give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause.
decide a specific time for an event	make a schedule; plan the time and place for events.
value a thing or course of action more highly than another	like better; value more highly.
give something for a cause	give to a charity or good cause.
furnish with a guideline	furnish with rubrics or regulate by rubrics.
a social entreaty, as courtship or pleading	a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank.
fail in strength or health and cease to funtion	break down, literally or metaphorically.
reply verbally or in written form to a question, comment, letter, or speech	react verbally.
a slight cut in a physical surface	a slight surface cut (especially a notch that is made to keep a tally).
cause something to be the case	cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition.
a state of confinement in a small space	the act of forcing yourself (or being forced) into or through a restricted space.
state or explain the meaning	give a definition for the meaning of a word.
cause animals to move	pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals).
be against, resist	act against or in opposition to.
a quantity of money added to a bank account	money deposited in a bank or some similar institution.
cause to come into existence; create	bring into being.
Performance, routine	a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program.
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement	a party of people assembled for dancing.
a computer server	(computer science) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network.
forbid, prohibit	forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper).
computer text files	(computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters.
a speech act of acknowledging gratitude for something	an acknowledgment of appreciation.
a state of pretending to be someone, something else	an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something.
Become widespread as an idea or feeling.	cause to become widely known.
connect with; reach a target or goal	perceive with the senses quickly, suddenly, or momentarily.
income collected as tax by a government	government income due to taxation.
be the deciding factor in a state of affairs or an outcome	shape or influence; give direction to.
end	put an end to.
a region allocated to hold something	the particular portion of space occupied by something.
acknowledge a contribution or cause	have trust in; trust in the truth or veracity of.
arrangement	logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements.
system of arrangement	an arrangement scheme.
close within bounds; deprive of freedom	to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement.
to collect, acquire or gather	get or gather together.
deliver a formal talk or reprimand at length	censure severely or angrily.
a pair of mated people, e.g., married	a pair of people who live together.
rot; become unfit for consumption	become unfit for consumption or use.
lock with one another	become engaged or intermeshed with one another.
take vows, join or allow to join a religious order	take vows, as in religious order.
activity of selling	the general activity of selling.
give out, allow to have	allow to have.
secondary public school, grades 9-12	a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12.
Benjamin Rush, physician and American Revolutionary leader.	physician and American Revolutionary leader; signer of the Declaration of Independence (1745-1813).
luggage compartment of a car	British term for the luggage compartment in a car.
have a monopoly of; control fully	have or exploit a monopoly of.
reduce to a simpler molecular compound	reduce (petroleum) to a simpler compound by cracking.
cause to be interested	attract; cause to be enamored.
To remain emotionally or intellectually          attached without necessary physical contact.	to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.
The act of transporting goods commerically at rates cheaper than express rates.	transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates.
(An occurance of) the preservation or management of natural resources.	the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resources.
remove the pod, husk or shell	fall out of the pod or husk.
abstain from eating or from certain foods	abstain from eating.
feel hot or painful, as if burning	feel hot or painful.
(cause to) return after being refused	come back after being refused.
a loss of function	loss of ability to function normally.
administrator, one who controls resources	someone who controls resources and expenditures.
a stovetop, cooking appliance	a kitchen appliance used for cooking food.
rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle	rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash.
a quantity that is an approximate calculation	an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth.
turn on an axis; spin	turn on or around an axis or a center.
marriage offer	an offer of marriage.
Try to gain favor by flattering or showing    submission or fear.	show submission or fear.
the public submission of a legal record	the entering of a legal document into the public record.
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
have faith in, bet on	have faith or confidence in.
burst into flames (telic)	start to burn or burst into flames.
The cognitive processes and capacity to remember.	the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered.
mechanism that controls the water level in a section of canal	enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it.
an onerous worry or concern	an onerous or difficult concern.
someone or something that is the agent of fulfilling desired expectations	someone (or something) on which expectations are centered.
a sharp side of an object	a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object.
the forceful hit of a ball	hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver.
Fine powdery material; the remains of something destroyed or broken up.	the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up.
throw with force	utter with force; utter vehemently.
Treat a substance with some agent; add an    agent to.	treat with an agent; add (an agent) to.
pass through the esophagus	pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking.
move freely (usually within a bounded space)	cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space.
secrete or form water	secrete or form water, as tears or saliva.
the state of being in contact	the state of being connected.
a variant of a musical theme which employs notes of reduced duration from the original theme	the statement of a theme in notes of lesser duration (usually half the length of the original).
time to come	the time yet to come.
the legal state of owing money	the state of owing something (especially money).
a style and size of typeset	a specific size and style of type within a type family.
demand, ask for, or take as one's due	demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to.
Cause to be distrusted or rejected; damage the reputation of.	damage the reputation of.
Give equal rights to, as of the right to vote.	give equal rights to; of women and minorities.
(cause to) lengthen or expand in time or some abstract realm	lengthen in time; cause to be or last longer.
a knapsack, bundle on the back	a bundle (especially one carried on the back).
a person who delivers information or goods	a person who conveys (carries or transmits).
having an intuitive understanding or appreciation of something	an intuitive understanding of something.
adherence to moral principles	adhering to moral principles.
 have sex with	have sexual intercourse with.
partake or provide a banquet	partake in a feast or banquet.
idolize/show devotion to	show devotion to (a deity).
make a ticking sound	make a clicking or ticking sound.
run or flow slowly	run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream.
Write a computer programme.	write a computer program.
a state of social order in conformance with existing law	a state of order in which events conform to the law.
An electronic storage device.	an electronic memory device.
a reference line used to align lettering	a light line that is used in lettering to help align the letters.
the quality of dedication, fixity of purpose	the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose.
Look furtively at something.	look furtively.
cast off, get rid of something	get rid of.
recover posession or get back again	get or find back; recover the use of.
a coefficient assigned to elements in a frequency distribution in order to indicate the relative importance of each element	(statistics) a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance.
(cause to) move around	cause to move round and round.
become due	become due for repayment.
Provide medical care for.	provide veterinary care for.
do over, make new	make new.
coat, cover, or treat the surface of	put a coat on; cover the surface of; furnish with a surface.
BASEBALL: strike out a batter	strike out (a batter), (of a pitcher).
Regain or make up for, as of a financial loss.	regain or make up for.
duplicate, match	duplicate or match.
indistinct vocal articulations	indistinct articulation.
the act of shoving something away	the act of applying force in order to move something away.
move or drive forcefully as if by a punch.	drive forcibly as if by a punch.
an intense surprise, often unpleasant	an unpleasant or disappointing surprise.
Make less emotionally hostile; win over          mentally or emotionally.	make less hostile; win over.
informal usage for a domestic cat, often young	informal terms referring to a domestic cat.
The act of sorting one thing from others.	sorting one thing from others.
the act of physically affixing or connecting things	the act of fastening things together.
the people who dwell in a camp	a group of people living together in a camp.
An unforseen development.	an unforeseen development.
bring into general popular/common use	cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public; bring into general or common use.
make impure; make radioactive	make impure.
a long, thin implement, usually made of wood	an implement consisting of a length of wood.
Formally reject or disavow a formerly held    belief; retract a statement.	formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure.
(Cause to) to turn to the left side.	turn or go to the port or left side, of a ship.
Entail as a necessary accompaniment or result	impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result.
Physically attach to something.	fix to; attach.
assign to a particular task	assign to a specific task.
culminating event	be the culminating event.
act of constructing	the act of constructing something.
the primary information-processing component of a computer, of a microprocessor chip	(computer science) the part of a computer (a microprocessor chip) that does most of the data processing.
consider again, usually with a view to changing	consider again (a bill) that had been voted upon before, with a view to altering it.
cancel, reverse, annul	cancel, annul, or reverse an action or its effect.
define; determine essential qualities of	determine the essential quality of.
The pursuit and killing or capture of animals.	the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport.
manipulate the registers of a musical instrument	manipulate the registers of an organ.
move in an irregular course	move to and fro or from place to place usually in an irregular course.
the legal granting or bestowment of rights	the act of granting rights.
jolt of electrical current to the body	a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body.
Become pregnant.	become pregnant; undergo conception.
the bestowing of a franchise, enfranchisment	the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on.
act of distributing	the act of apportioning or distributing something.
The state of being more than satisfied or satiated.	the state of being more than full.
conscious subjective emotion or desire	the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion.
The act of proposing someone as a candidate for something.	the condition of having been proposed as a suitable candidate for appointment or election.
to hunt snipe	hunt or shoot snipe.
hunt for hawks	hunt with hawks.
a continuous horizontal layer of brick	(construction) a layer of masonry.
a brief attempt at some endeavor	a usually brief attempt.
propagation of waves back from a surface	the phenomenon of a propagating wave (light or sound) being thrown back from a surface.
examine minutely; search diligently	examine minutely.
enjoy, be fond of or approve	be fond of.
a person under the guardianship or custody of another	a person who is under the protection or in the custody of another.
Strike or hit sharply, perhaps as in sport.	strike sharply, as in some sports.
Fly in or on a glider plane	fly in or as if in a glider plane.
one fourth of a year	a fourth part of a year; three months.
make an abstract thing tight or more restrictive	make tight or tighter.
provide (a person or group) with power or authority	provide with power and authority.
Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.	run at a moderately swift pace.
Envelop completely; form a cover over.	form an impenetrable cover over.
mold for casting, setting concrete	a mold for setting concrete.
cause friction; wear away or erode	wear away or erode.
A feeling for something that is desired intensely.	something that is desired intensely.
put or store in a bottle	store (liquids or gases) in bottles.
Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.	be a sign or indication of.
the act of choosing, picking one among many	the act of choosing or selecting.
act of becoming distant, moving away from	the act of becoming more distant.
take in marriage; perform a marriage ceremony	take in marriage.
Skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways          as a manner of motion.	skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways.
a military fortification, stronghold	a stronghold.
the fashionable elite of a given community	the fashionable elite.
characteristic call of an animal	the characteristic utterance of an animal.
make or become more acute or intense	make more intense, stronger, or more marked.
A journey for some purpose.	a journey for some purpose (usually including the return).
Fake or falsify; control in a fraudulent manner.	manipulate in a fraudulent manner.
fruit cooked down with sugar, jam	fruit preserved by cooking with sugar.
the act of leading or guiding others	the activity of leading.
coating used as a repellant to moisture	a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture.
a person who cleans chimneys	someone who cleans soot from chimneys.
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light    from a source.	emit a steady even light without flames.
behave in a certain way; have a specific effect or outcome	behave in a certain way.
communicate with a hiss	express or utter with a hiss.
a male bee whose function is to fertilize the queen	stingless male bee in a colony of social bees (especially honeybees) whose sole function is to mate with the queen.
a sporting match, boxing	a boxing or wrestling match.
cause to reproduce (plants or animals)	cause to procreate (animals).
The feeling of annoyance at being hindered or thwarted.	a feeling of annoyance at being hindered or criticized.
move along on wheels	move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle.
[provide with a new or different resting place	provide with a new seat.
activity of extracting ore or other matter from the ground	the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth.
to interrupt, enter uninvited	enter uninvited.
A person or thing equal to another in value or significane.	a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc.
a cause or source of harm	a cause of pain or injury or loss.
make (more) comprehensible	make clear and (more) comprehensible.
the state of being retained	the act of retaining something.
a problem, something wrong	a problem.
stretch out or over completely	stretch out completely.
continue to live, exist, or prosper	continue to live through hardship or adversity.
a caress with the lips	the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof).
Provide with rails, as by laying.	lay with rails.
the close approach of one object to another	the motion of one object relative to another.
make a hole with a pointed tool	make a hole, especially with a pointed power or hand tool.
Fix (something old) with a new part; improve.	piece (something old) with a new part.
the act of  damaging something, causing breakage	the act of breaking something.
the ground level of a multi-storied building	the floor of a building that is at or nearest to the level of the ground around the building.
A quantity of something	a quantity of money.
a large room	the large room of a manor or castle.
leave out, omit, prevent from entering	prevent from entering; keep out.
Sniff at inquiringly.	sniff or smell inquiringly.
provide lodging for	provide housing for.
Change the purpose or functioning of a system.	change the inherent purpose or function of something.
provide with tools or items for a specific purpose	provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose.
gain points in a game; add up (numbers)	gain points in a game.
travel in front of, be first, precede	travel in front of; go in advance of others.
Remove by rubbing	remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing.
the hard upper part of the human nose	the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose.
make shine	make (a surface) shine.
recover, return to former state	return to a former condition.
remove the pod, husk or shell	remove the husks from.
speed up the process of	speed up the progress of; facilitate.
(cause to) swing and miss the third pitch, striking out	strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third.
Literally and quantifiably raise in social rank or status.	raise in rank, character, or status.
alter by chemical means, to make images.	make visible by means of chemical solutions.
highly infectious viral disease	an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease.
make a certain size or sort according to size	make to a size; bring to a suitable size.
Remove tree stumps from an area.	remove tree stumps from.
pass the tongue over, take up with the tongue	pass the tongue over.
a computer-generated visual image	an image that is generated by a computer.
do better in a competition; win	come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.
aerodynamic force that opposed gravity	the component of the aerodynamic forces acting on an airfoil that opposes gravity.
Start abruptly, ignite	start abruptly.
a local announcement made within a public broadcast	(broadcasting) a local announcement inserted into a network program.
making real or concrete	something that is made real or concrete.
Sound sharply or shrilly, as if stabbing.	sound sharply or shrilly.
the act of officially gaining entrance to somewhere	the act of admitting someone to enter.
spend time in prison	spend time in prison or in a labor camp.
hold, contain within	contain or hold; have within.
act of verbally informing	the act of informing by verbal report.
forcefully request	request urgently and forcefully.
the quality of dissimilarity	the quality of being unlike or dissimilar.
throw quickly, flick	throw quickly.
move to and fro around a particular point or points, remain near	move to and fro.
Put up with something or someone          unpleasant; show deference towards someone or some authority.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
the breakup or termination of a social relationship	the termination or disintegration of a relationship (between persons or nations).
destruction of a ship	destroy a ship.
The human act of making something new.	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.
ride (a bicycle or motorcycle)	ride a motorcycle.
The principal activity that one does to earn money.	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.
maintain or preserve a particular condition, state, or activity	continue a certain state, condition, or activity.
a spoken or written reply to a question	a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation.
committee with supervisory powers	a committee having supervisory powers.
a section of a composition, textual or musical	a short section of a musical composition.
a gear for changing the motion of a machine to the opposite direction	the gears by which the motion of a machine can be reversed.
take a digestion-aiding walk after a meal	take a walk for one's health or to aid digestion, as after a meal.
forked form or shape	a part of a forked or branching shape.
insert or close with a plug	fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug.
incite some act of insubordination	incite, move, or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination.
formally announce the termination of an agreement	announce the termination of, as of treaties.
beat or pound rapidly	cause to throb or beat rapidly.
Make a line or marks on a surface; copy by          following the lines of	make a mark or lines on a surface.
recite as a chant, intone	recite with musical intonation; recite as a chant or a psalm.
the ability of computers to exchange digital information between them and make use of it	(computer science) the ability to exchange and use information (usually in a large heterogeneous network made up of several local area networks).
act of applying force	the act of applying force suddenly.
the process of becoming less or smaller	a process of becoming smaller or shorter.
Be in command of; exercise authority or  control over.	exercise authoritative control or power over.
be a factor or play a role in something	be or play a part of or in.
an expanse of land	an extended area of land.
move an implement through with a circular motion, mix	move an implement through.
deprive of courage, hope, or optimism	deprive of courage or hope; take away hope from; cause to feel discouraged.
the armed forces	a force that is a branch of the armed forces.
Furnish with metal spurs.	furnish with spars.
Remove water from a substance.	remove water from.
Provide with rails, as by laying.	provide with rails.
make or be a summary	be a summary of.
be affected with smut or mildew	affect with smut or mildew, as of a crop such as corn.
Talk or behave amorously; have sex with.	talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions.
Excuse some minor social infraction; accept    an excuse for something.	accept an excuse for.
indicate, be signs or symptoms of	be a signal for or a symptom of.
a verbal or written request for access to something.	a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school.
have a logical result	have as a logical consequence.
Travel on foot.	cross on foot.
the act of suction	the act of sucking.
A band of leather or rope made to identify animals.	a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal's neck as a harness or to identify it.
Put a harness on.	put a harness.
Provide or equip specifically with furniture.	provide or equip with furniture.
To move (the head or body) quickly    downwards or away (from something).	to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away.
reason or establish by deduction	reason by deduction; establish by deduction.
Make pregnant; fertilize and cause to grow.	fertilize and cause to grow.
find the solution to or understand the          meaning of	find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of.
Move about in a confused or purposeless manner.	move about in a confused manner.
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
A means or agency by which something is communicated.	a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated.
take apart into constituent pieces	take apart into its constituent pieces.
A short theatrical program that is part of a longer program.	a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program.
decree, issue an order	issue an order.
the termination, ending of a meeting	the termination of a meeting.
An indicator that orients one generally.	an indicator that orients you generally.
Increase the acoustic volume of.	increase the volume of.
open to members of all races and ethnic groups	open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.
reduce to small pieces by pounding or abrading	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
hit a fly (baseball)	hit a fly.
FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line	exhaust by allowing to pull on the line.
be or come into conflict	be incompatible; be or come into conflict.
Produce a phonemic click.	produce a click.
angle with a hook and line and draw through          water	angle with a hook and line drawn through the water.
the front face of a building	the face or front of a building.
make something more diverse or varied	make something more diverse and varied.
issue bonds on something	issue bonds on.
women's sleeveless undergarment	a woman's sleeveless undergarment.
Move oneself very fast.	move very fast.
Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition	oppose, as in hostility or a competition.
make more complex or intricate	make more complex, intricate, or richer.
cause to be/show to be invalid	show to be invalid.
create a new entity by putting components or members together	create by putting components or members together.
the activity of providing supplies	the activity of supplying or providing something.
make or become brighter or lighter	make lighter or brighter.
actors in a play	the actors in a play.
take someone's soul into heaven	take up someone's soul into heaven.
Discipline in personal or social activities.	discipline in personal and social activities.
a person eating a meal, often in a restaurant	a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant).
A sudden (emotional) outburst.	a sudden outburst.
make or become harder	make hard or harder.
the introductory portion of a story	the introductory section of a story.
work material with a tool	work with a tool.
make or become less strict or severe	make less severe or strict.
support by placing on or against something solid	support by placing against something solid or rigid.
Part, cease, or break association with (something).	part; cease or break association with.
have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something	have the financial means to do something or buy something.
A list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election.	a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices.
say, state, or perform again	to say, state, or perform again.
allow the passage of air	allow the passage of air through.
unite; merge with something already in existence	unite or merge with something already in existence.
use resources or materials	use up (resources or materials).
make or become harder	become hard or harder.
(Cause to) be firmly attached or closed.	cause to be firmly attached.
make or become wider or more extensive	become broader or wider or more extensive.
Unrestricted freedom to use something.	unrestricted freedom to use.
laying claim, the act of taking possession of, or power over, something.	the act of taking possession of or power over something.
give structure to	give a structure to.
mark with scars	mark with a scar.
(Baseball) Tag the base runner to get him out.	tag the base runner to get him out.
Be reflected as heat, light, or shock waves;.	be reflected as heat, sound, or light or shock waves.
a competitor most likely to win	a competitor thought likely to win.
make or become longer	become long or longer.
be on base at the end of an inning	to be on base at the end of an inning, of a player.
Either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided, or key properties that distinguish the categories.	either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided.
(science) The atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element.	the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element; the standard is 8 for oxygen.
provide with a toggle	provide with a toggle or toggles.
(cause to) move back and forth or side to side	cause to move back and forth.
measure the depth of a body of water	measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line.
make a loud noise, as an animal	make a loud noise, as of animal.
The act of coming to rest after a voyage.	the act of coming to land after a voyage.
join or bring together (two) objects, ideas, or people	bring two objects, ideas, or people together.
Make reference to something.	make reference to.
Behave violently, as if in a state of great    anger; break or tear violently.	behave violently, as if in state of a great anger.
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.	move in a spiral or zigzag course.
a feeling of aversion, distaste, antipathy	a feeling of aversion or antipathy.
Release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition (perhaps in a metaphorical sense)	release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition.
overcome with amazement; flabbergast	overcome with amazement.
behave in a condescending manner	behave in a patronizing and condescending manner.
take into one's family or group	take into one's family.
(Contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting in the number of tricks that the bidder must make.	(contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
go on a campaign or off to war	go on a campaign; go off to war.
react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus	react to a stimulus or command.
(Literally) sound with resonance.	sound with resonance.
an injury to the skin caused by radiation, heat or chemicals	an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation.
make a causal or logical connection; group together	make a logical or causal connection.
Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.	apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny.
exercise or have power of memory	exercise, or have the power of, memory.
A feeling or state of extreme anger.	a state of extreme anger.
Wrinkled, crumpled, or creased.	become wrinkled or crumpled or creased.
Admit to testing/proof	admit to testing or proof.
an accounting period of 12 months	any accounting period of 12 months.
praise the qualities in order to sell or promote	make a plug for; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote.
relative darkness of a color	relative darkness or lightness of a color.
Strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.	strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat.
Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief.	make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief.
open again, open anew	open again or anew.
A conceptual formulation; a way of conceiving something.	a way of conceiving something.
heat metal prior to working it	heat a metal prior to working it.
feel the strong need to eat	feel the need to eat.
be in direct physical contact with	be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
Give suck to; receive suck.	give suck to.
covering for a bed	decorative cover for a bed.
grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws	to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws.
play a stringed instrument with a bow	play on a string instrument with a bow.
Doubt or an impression that something might    not be the case.	an impression that something might be the case.
A successful throw or try for a point after a touchdown.	a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not          necessarily words); indicate.	express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).
hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness	pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness.
a serving of a beverage	a single serving of a beverage.
Give an incentive or reason for action.	give an incentive for action.
the day before today	the day immediately before today.
take or capture by force or authority	take or capture by force.
(Medicine) Apply a plaster cast to.	apply a plaster cast to.
interfere with someone else's activity	interfere in someone else's activity.
Assign a new time for an event	assign a new time and place for an event.
Value measured by what must be given or done to obtain something.	value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something.
touch or hold with the hands	touch, lift, or hold with the hands.
scrape or rub to relieve itching	scrape or rub as if to relieve itching.
give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of.
Any activity that acquires a person's attention.	any activity that occupies a person's attention.
cause to become awake or alert	cause to become awake or conscious.
provide a feast or banquet	provide a feast or banquet for.
The act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.	an act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
Fool or hoax (someone).	fool or hoax.
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2	raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2.
The (period of) control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.	the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
(computer science) the occurence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.	(computer science) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
give pleasure, satifaction, or happiness; be pleasing to	give pleasure to or be pleasing to.
the soft padding under a saddle	a soft pad placed under a saddle.
elecate or idealize in allusion to Christ's          transfiguration	elevate or idealize, in allusion to Christ's transfiguration.
inability of the heart to pump blood to sustain life functions	inability of the heart to pump enough blood to sustain normal bodily functions.
cause to vibrate in a different pattern	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.
warn or call to a sense of preparedness	warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness.
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
move faster, or cause to move faster	cause to move faster.
Supply food ready to eat, as for parties          and banquets.	supply food ready to eat; for parties and banquets.
express protest or dissent, raise an objection	express or raise an objection or protest or criticism or express dissent.
clear mucus from one's throat	clear mucus or food from one's throat.
pass into a state or condition	pass into a specified state or condition.
add embellishments (to medieval manuscripts)	add embellishments and paintings to (medieval manuscripts).
make or become thick	make thick or thicker.
move or execute very quickly or hastily	run or move very quickly or hastily.
hurt, feel physical pain	feel physical pain.
tell or spread rumors; say	tell or spread rumors.
throw with force or recklessness; cast away	throw with force or recklessness.
return to in thought or speech	return in thought or speech to something.
Try to cure by special care    or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.	try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury.
a sweeping cut with a sharp instrument	a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument.
Any address at which one dwells more than temporarily.	any address at which you dwell more than temporarily.
BOTANY -- the usually underground organ of a plant that lacks buds or leaves or nodes, which absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.	(botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
Reproduce or make an exact copy of; make,    do, or perform again.	reproduce or make an exact copy of.
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a    string	thread on or as if on a string.
Engrave by means of dots.	engrave by means of dots and flicks.
have a strong desire to do something	have a strong desire or urge to do something.
be relevant or pertinent	be pertinent or relevant or applicable.
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and    forcefully through the news	indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the nose.
become aware of through the senses	to become aware of through the senses.
cause to be alert or energetic	cause to be alert and energetic.
Remove by erasing or crossing out, as if by    drawing a line through.	remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line.
cook slowly for a long time in liquid	cook slowly and for a long time in liquid.
the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles	the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.
Make a map of; show or establish the    features or details of; explore or survey for the purposes of making a    map.	make a map of; show or establish the features of details of.
The social force that binds one to the courses of action demanded by that force.	the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force.
Avoid or try to avoid fulfilling,          answering, or performing.	avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues).
Lead someone in the wrong direction  (physically); give wrong spatial directions.	lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions.
maintain, assert, or claim	maintain or assert.
Improve by restoring to a previous or better condition.	restore to a previous or better condition.
make accessible to some action, influence, or condition	expose or make accessible to some action or influence.
Approach a limit as the number of terms          increases without limit; specifically a mathematical term.	approach a limit as the number of terms increases without limit.
The stiching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.	the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
put under the control of the federal government	put under the control and authority of a federal government.
Manual stimulation fo the genital area for sexual pleasure.	manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure.
equip with a fuse	equip with a fuse; provide with a fuse.
end of the American Revolution	the successful ending of the American Revolution.
(mathematics) The smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.	the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
stimulating or demanding factors of a situation	a demanding or stimulating situation.
A physical portion of all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class or total.	all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class.
Amplify an electron current by causing part          of the power on the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.	amplify (an electron current) by causing part of the power in the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
A human utters words loudly and forcefully.	utter words loudly and forcefully.
oppose with equal weight or force	contrast with equal weight or force.
(Cause to) strike the air in flight.	strike the air in flight.
Preserve in a tin or jar.	preserve in a can or tin.
a chain of atoms in a molecule forming a closed loop	(chemistry) a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop.
make the surface level or smooth	make the surface of level or smooth.
Impress or affect deeply (emotionally).	impress or affect deeply.
Supply with a constant flow of some liquid,          for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.	supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid, for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
apply a thin coating of paint/metal	apply a thin coating of paint, metal, etc., to.
disregard, fail to attend to	fail to attend to.
make a short, sharp sound	make a sharp sound.
connect or fasten into a chain by linking	connect or arrange into a chain by linking.
beat thoroughly in a competition or fight	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight.
Look through a book or some other written    material (for information).	look through a book or other written material.
state of being active	the state of being active.
(theology) the act of deliving from sin or saving from evil.	(theology) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil.
declare or make unfit or unsuitable	make unfit or unsuitable.
Cook on a hot surface using fat; cook in oil.	cook on a hot surface using fat.
Improve by pruning or polishing	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.
An area that is central within some larger region.	an area that is approximately central within some larger region.
start suddenly, as if from fright	start suddenly, as from fright.
Be larger in number, quantity, power,          status, or importance, without personally having sovereign power.	be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance.
Give oneself entirely to a specific person,    activity, or cause.	give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause.
the finger next to the thumb, forefinger	the finger next to the thumb.
put up with something or someone (unpleasant)	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
role or function of the head of a government department	the role of the head of a government department.
consider again, usually with a view to changing	consider again; give new consideration to; usually with a view to changing.
drive at an excessive or illegal velocity	travel at an excessive or illegal velocity.
an air force military unit, smaller than a squadron	an air force unit smaller than a squadron.
the act of giving someone a job, hiring someone	the act of giving someone a job.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of troubling or annoying someone.
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from          pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.	droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness.
Cite as an authority; resort to (as in an argument).	cite as an authority; resort to.
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart          for a specific purpose or use.	set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
make out of components (in an improvising manner)	make out of components (often in an improvising manner).
rehearse, learn by repetition	learn by repetition.
Intend something to move toward a certain goal	intend (something) to move towards a certain goal.
register formally as a participant	register formally as a participant or member.
write as if with print, not in cursive	write as if with print; not cursive.
shoot down birds	shoot down, of birds.
appoint to clerical posts	appoint to a clerical posts.
(Chemistry) Undergo sequestration by          forming a stable compound with an ion.	undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion.
Furnish with an opening to allow air to          circulate or gase to escape.	furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gas to escape.
Stand with arms or forelegs raised, as of menacing.	stand with arms or forelegs raised, as if menacing.
accounting period of 12 months	any accounting period of 12 months.
Convert the genetic information in a strand          of DNA into a strand of RNA.	convert the genetic information in (a strand of DNA) into a strand of RNA, especially messenger RNA.
give a thrashing to, beat	give a thrashing to; beat hard.
Immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid,  for purposes of cooking or processing.	immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid, often for cooking purposes.
Supply with water for crops, as with    channels, ditches, or streams.	supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.
The period of time during which a leasing contract is in effect.	the period of time during which a contract conveying property to a person is in effect.
Protect or strengthen with sandbags.	protect or strengthen with sandbags; stop up.
travel; make a tour of a place	make a tour of a certain place.
the political head of city government	the head of a city government.
pass the tongue over, take up with the tongue	take up with the tongue.
A city on the River Thames in Bershire, southern England	a city on the River Thames in Berkshire in southern England.
a chart or map showing the dimensions, movements or progress of something	a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object.
Take away a vital or essential part of          something.	take away a vital or essential part of.
An imperfection; the quality of being inadequate or falling short.	the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection.
Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.	pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin.
make up something fictional or untrue	make up something artificial or untrue.
the act of swallowing liquid	the act of swallowing.
have unlawful sex with a prostitute	have unlawful sex with a whore.
Reverse the winding or twisting of;  separate the tangles of.	reverse the winding or twisting of.
Reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a          loss or sacrifice.	reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a loss.
sharpen a razor with a strap	sharpen with a strap.
the longer telegraphic signal of Morse Code	the longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code.
The part of the body between the neck and upper arm, or any of its subparts.	the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm.
Rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy,    often with thunder and lightning; blow hard.	rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy, often with thunder or lightning.
fill with high spirits	fill with high spirits; fill with optimism.
The release of pressure built up during a stop consonant.	the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant.
(cause to) fall in drops	let or cause to fall in drops.
The status of being champion.	the status of being a champion.
Draw advantages from; take advantage.	draw advantages from.
Last year he was wanted for murder.	Last year it was sought to murder.  
Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	Economists' not against the companies openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.
And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps the most important, Ahmadinejad destabilising influence, not bernanke.
A Europe for All	All Europe
Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	The gay and other practical "Modern" are rejected, laws.
Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only a month before, muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with "futile.
Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only one month before, Muybarak disrupted the demands of constitutional reform by taxing futile '.
Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is linked to oil production of the country.
Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	Large Pax Europa of today, just like current prosperity paneuropéenne, depends on it.
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This trend goes well beyond simple headscarves.
More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond the geographical division, divisions recur locally.
But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	But can this image survive a continuation of the decline?
But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	But this image can survive a further decline?
The People Versus Putin	Putin against people
The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The old version of the European response (what psychologists call "the envy of the dollar 'only become more pervasive.
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns which return the US markets of the transferable securities if attracting reflect a fragile political balance.
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Every leader had markedly different explanations and theories on the situation.
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer is in the support that the democratic activists indonésiens will be able to generate nationally and internationally.
They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are for the moment.  
Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	The jobs, in particular, help the young to invent new forms of employment.  
Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is related to the oil production of the country.
In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other areas, the sharia is imposed.
Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, radical technological progress made it off these threats.
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	A Chinese influential businessman who share his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more precise.
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that democratic activists Indonesians may generate drive and internationally.
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns which make the markets do not so attractive to reflect a fragile political equilibrium.  
The questions are many.	There are many questions.  
But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	However, the Americans have only a fall of 5.2% between 9 and on 24 may.  
Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, radical technological progress made slip these threats.
Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	Jobs, in particular, would help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs.
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	This does not however emerging rich countries from their obligation to help.
And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps most important, Ahmadinejad exerts a destabilizing influence, not Bernanke.
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	This leaves the opposition Conservative without any effective response.
After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they have recommended the policies that politicians will take into account.
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this mistake mistake is in the process of its political.  
He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	What he has done without the initiative goes very far.
The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The old version of the European reaction (what the psychologists call “the desire of the dollar”) will become only more penetrating.
Last year he was wanted for murder.	Last year it was required for murder.
The Political Stock Market	The politicization of securities markets
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Every originator had theories and explanations appreciably different on the situation.
Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	The jobs, help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs.
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can oppose really this trend.
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity.
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	On the question of losing Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for the policies on competition.
Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	The large Europa Pax today, just as the current pan-European prosperity, depends on it.
Last year he was wanted for murder.	Last year it was sought for murder.
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	In the absence of a change of associations.  
But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	But this image can survive a further decline?
Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	The great Pax Europa today, as the current pan-European prosperity, depends on it.
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	That leaves the conservative opposition without effective response.
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	Losing on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition.
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But returns which make American securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance.
Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only a month before, muybarak applications of constitutional reform disrupted were "futile."
Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the meetings the Turkish Government.
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	This does not however absolve the rich countries of their obligation to help.
Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	We can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet has called one of these recent books democracy against itself.
After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they have recommended the policies that the politicians or not consideration.
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	This is the spirit in which must be drawn up the European Constitution.
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Each player had markedly different theories and explanations on the situation.
The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of the book is in itself a sign of Israel ".  
Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	And, also, of his regime.  
But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	But can this image survive a pursuit of decline?
The Political Stock Market	The politicization of securities market
Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	The western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should heed our warnings.
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	That does not release however the rich countries of their obligation to help.
They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are culture, poor and sick.
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	Those who do not know the intensive farming methods will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation.
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two ways plausible proceeding against a tyrant deposed.
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of de-institutionalisation of the religious experience is also happening within Islam.
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure, not Bernanke.
Other ways are needed.	It is necessary to find other means.  
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	At the forefront of these lessons we find that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.
A Europe for All	Europe for all
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	This leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response.
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed with regard to a relieved tyrant.
Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	Economists pro-marché not contradictory businesses that use openly the attraction of luxury to promote their products.
But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But the interest of America for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or the energy policy.
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	A businessman Chinese influential, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more specific.
Some results are remarkable.	Some are noteworthy results.
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	But that does not detract rich countries from their obligation to help.
He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	What he has done without the initiative goes very far.
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of de-institutionalisation religious experience is also happening within Islam.
But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	To be Muslim and be Islamiste are two different things.
Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered in the last six years.
But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	However, the American courses did not show that a fall of 5,2% between the 9 and on May 24.
Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	We can also note the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled, one of these recent books against democracy itself.
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	This is an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	At the forefront of these lessons, we learn that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves.
Some results are remarkable.	Some are noteworthy results.
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	They would give the right to divorce the husbands who would have abandoned them?
But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	Yet, the Americans have accused a lowering of 5.2% between 9 and 24 May.
A Europe for All	A Europe for all
Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	The Russia of Putin has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the last six years.
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats will generate activists domestically and internationally.
But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	But the US prices did not show that a decline in 5.2% between 9 and 24 May.
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution should be developed.
But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	Yet the US courts have indicted that a reduction of 5.2% between 9 and 24 May.
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	Their donnerait-elle the right to divorce spouses who would have abandoned?
Other ways are needed.	Other means should be found.
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of the United States and also within Islam.  
But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But the interests of America for Iraqi oil is dictated by the economy or the energy policy.
Other ways are needed.	We must find other ways.
The Political Stock Market	The politicization of securities markets
But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But the interests of the Iraqi people is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.  
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this gross mistake is conducting Russia policy to his downfall.
And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps most important, Ahmadinejad has destabilizing influence, not Bernanke
Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, radical technological progress off these threats.
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity.
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	The most important thing is that when interest rates go up, the values of the active fall.
Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, technological progress radicals have made these threats slip.
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	It is in that spirit must be developed the European Constitution.
But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But the US point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This trend goes well beyond simple scarves.
Other ways are needed.	We must find other ways.
Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Russia of Putin already lost 12 eminent journalists, assassinated during the six last years.
The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of books is itself a sign of ‘ malaise ’.
They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are uncultivated, poor and sick.
The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The president has less of capacities than it does not appear to with it, and it particuli�rement is particuli�rement eclipsed by the guide supr�me the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is indisputable that reaches to the Turkish government.  
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	A business Chinese influence, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was more precise.
The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of the book is in itself a sign of "malaise.
The Political Stock Market	Politicization of the securities markets
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville thought in the long run, nothing can be really opposed this trend.
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can actually oppose this trend.
Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	Who more is, the large oil exporters are not been willing to subject their policies of investment to the market rates.
They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are poor, sick and uncultivated.
Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	The economists, does not include the companies which use the attraction of luxury to promote their products.  
The Political Stock Market	The politicisation of the securities markets  
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	An influential Chinese business man, who shares his time between HongKong and London, was even more precise.
Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	Moreover, the major exporters of oil are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions.
Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	The Western Europeans, who have forgotten this story, should take account of our warnings.
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	Today we are to change a Muslim identity for Islamic identity.
Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only one month before, Muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with “futile”.
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	He has appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies.
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	Those who do not know the intensive methods surprised the necessity of such legislation.  
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	It is necessary to are two different things.  
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	It has appointed a working Group responsible for drawing the necessary changes to bring to public expenditure and fiscal policies.  
Some results are remarkable.	Certain results are remarkable.
But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	But as the European Union itself, and it will build it.
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	They give it the right to divorce the husband who have abandoned?
After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they recommended the policies which the politicians take or not into account.
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two ways of proceeding to the origins.  
In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other areas, the Sharia is imposed.  
But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	But this picture can survive in a European?  
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This trend goes well beyond simple headscarves.
But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	But as the European Union itself, build and happen.
The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The President has fewer powers than it seems, and it is particuli failure to overshadowed by the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	The jobs, in particular, would help young people to forge new lives in jobs serious.
Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have forgotten this story, should heed our warnings.
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this big mistake is leading Russia to its political ruin.
Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	The great Pax Europa today, as the current pan-European prosperity, depends.
But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	But as the European Union itself, this will be built and this will happen.
Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	The Western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should take account of our warnings.  
Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should take account of our warnings.
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	That is the spirit in which must be worked out the European Constitution.  
Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Putin's Russia already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the past six years.
The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The President has less powers than it seems, and it is particuli to rement overshadowed by the ayatollahs supr to guide me Ali Khamenei.
After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they recommended policies that politicians or not take into account.
The People Versus Putin	The people against Putin
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can oppose really to this trend.
The questions are many.	Many questions are.
But they were necessary.	But they are necessary.
Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	Moreover, the major oil exporters are not willing to submit their investment policies to market conditions.
But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	In the foreground of these lessons, one discovers that economic development is left mainly in the hands of the poor nations themselves.
And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps the most important, Ahmadinejad affects destabilizing, Bernanke.
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	The key is that when interest rates are falling, the values of the active.
After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they have policies that take or no consideration.  
Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	The gay and other ‘ modern ’ practices are rejected because nombrilistes.
Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	Europeans of the West, who forgot this history, should take account of our warning statements.
Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached at summits of the Turkish Government.
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	That leaves the conservative opposition without any effective answer.
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats activists will generate national and internationally.
Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, too, seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime.
Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	Economists pro-marché companies which do not stand openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.
Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Every time, technological progress to fly these threats.  
Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should heed our warnings.
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	He then appointed a working group to formulate the necessary changes to the policy of public spending and the fiscal policies.
Last year he was wanted for murder.	Last year it was required for murder.
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Every originator had theories and explanations significantly different on the situation.  
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed as regards a burden tyrant.
Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	The large Europa of today, just as the prosperity, depends on it.  
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of de-institutionalisation of religious experience is also happening within Islam.
Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, of radical technological progress leave these threats.
Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists, murdered in the course of the past six years.  
The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The former version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "the envy dollar) only become more pénétrante.
The People Versus Putin	People against Putin
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns which make the American securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance.
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two ways plausible to undertake a tyrant deposed.
Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only a month before,, the demands of constitutional reform in the five ".  
The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The President has fewer powers that it seems, and it is particuli rement overshadowed by the supr guides me Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that democratic activists Indonesia can generate nationalement and internationally.
Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, too, seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime.
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Each player had the theories and explanations markedly different situation.
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this gross error is conducting Russia to his downfall policy.
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	Then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to give the policies public spending and to fiscal policies.
The People Versus Putin	The people against Putin  
Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	Economists pro-marché are not opposed to companies which openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.
Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	The gay and other practices modern 'are rejected, because navel-gazing.
But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.
The Political Stock Market	The politicization of securities markets
The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The old version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "the envy of the dollar ') will only more pervasive.
The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The President has powers than it appears, and it is particularly eclipsed by the Supreme Ali Khamenei.  
And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad has an influence, not destabilizing Bernanke.
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	Essence, it is that when interest rates go up, the values of the credit fall.
After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians will take into account.
The questions are many.	The questions are many.
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns that make American securities markets so attractive reflect a fragile political balance.
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	Those who do not know the methods of intensive farming, will perhaps the need for such legislation.
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	To be Muslim and islamiste are two different things.
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	Those who do not know the intensive farming methods astonished perhaps the need for such legislation.
The questions are many.	There are many questions.
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	This is an implicit répudiation but clear of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	Losing on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition.
The questions are many.	The questions are numerous.
Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	Gays and other practices "modern ’ are rejected because among selfcentred.
More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond the geographical division, the divisions occur locally.
Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists murdered during the past six years.
Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	The catch and other practices, because.  
Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	The jobs, in particular, would help young people to create new lives in serious jobs.
Last year he was wanted for murder.	Last year it was sought for murder.
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Thought that in the long term, nothing can actually to this trend.  
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	In the forefront of these lessons, we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.
But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	But just as the European Union itself, and that it will be done.  
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this serious error is taking to Russia to its ruin policy.
But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But America's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.
Some results are remarkable.	Some results are remarkable.
A Europe for All	A Europe for all
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	Perhaps those who do not know the methods of intensive farming will our by the need for such legislation.
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	This is an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.
After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they have recommended policies that politicians or taking into consideration.
He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	He has done, that the initiative not go very far.
Some results are remarkable.	Some results.  
But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.
But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the point of view of the international role was a trap.  
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	To be Muslim and Islamiste are two different things.
Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only a month ago, disrupted Muybarak applications of constitutional reform were a ‘ futile ’.
Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	Moreover, the major oil exporters are not prepared to subject their policies of investment to market rates.
The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of the book is in itself a sign of 'malaise.
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats activists will generate domestically and internationally.
But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	But just like the European Union itself, that will be built and that will be done.
Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the past six years.
A Europe for All	A Europe for all
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	Their donnerait-elle divorce law spouses who have abandoned them?
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of désinstitutionalisation experience of religious also happens within Islam.
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two plausible ways to a tyrant deposed.
He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	What he has done without the initiative goes too far.
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	This does not release but rich countries of their obligation to help.
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	This does not, however, rich countries emerging from their obligation to help.
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two ways to proceed plausible towards a tyrant deposed.
But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad has embarque in an adventure, not Bernanke.
But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	But just as the European Union itself, and this will happen.
Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, also, seems to him to suspect the impotence of its mode.
Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached to the heights of Turkish Government.
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	Perhaps those which do not know the methods of intensive breeding will astonish by the need for such a legislation.
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	An influential Chinese businessman, who shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more specific.
In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other areas, Sharia law is imposed.
He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	What it has done without initiative go very far.  
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	That leaves the opposition and without any effective response.  
But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	But this image further decline can survive?
But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But the interests of America for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.
Some results are remarkable.	Some results.
Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	The gays and others practical “modern” are rejected, because nombrilists.
The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The old version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "'s desire dollar") will become more pervasive.
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad is embarking upon an adventure, Bernanke.
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	At the forefront of these lessons, one discovers that economic development is largely in the hands of poor Nations themselves.  
A Europe for All	A Europe for all
Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	The gay and other practices "Modern" are rejected, because nombrilistes.
Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is linked to the country.  
The People Versus Putin	The people against Putin
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	We attend today the change of a Moslem identity for an islamist identity.
Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	Employment, in particular, would help young people to forge new lives through serious employment.
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	That is the spirit in which must be drawn up the Constitution.
Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	Moreover, the major oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies under market conditions.
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad board in an adventure, not Bernanke
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	The first of these lessons, we discovered that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves.
In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other areas, the charia is imposed.
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	Etre Muslim and be Islamic are two different things.
He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	What happened the initiative does not go very far.
They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are poor, sick and uncultivated.
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	It then named an work group charged to formulate the changes necessary to bring to the policies public expenditure and to the fiscal policies.
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	The bottom line is that when interest rates go up, the values of credit fall.
But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	But like the EU itself, this will be built and this will happen.
The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The former version of the European reaction (what psychologists call ‘ envy the dollar ’) will only most perceptively.
The questions are many.	There are many questions.
Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, too, seems accuse the powerlessness of his regime.
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This trend goes well beyond simple scarves.
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	Their would give the right to divorce the husbands who would have given up them?
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	It was then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to policies of public spending and tax policies.
They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are uncultivated, poor and sick.
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	Then he appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies.
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns which make markets American Securities so attractive reflect a fragile political balance.
The People Versus Putin	The people against Putin
Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	They may also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet called one of these recent its democracy against itself.  
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This tendency goes well beyond the simple scarves.
But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But America's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad boards in an adventure, then.  
But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But America's interest to Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that all will be able to generate nationally and internationally.  
More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond the geographical division, the divisions occur at local level.
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	The important thing is that when interest rates amount, the values of the active fall.
Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	Big Pax Europe of today, like current prosperity pan-European, depends on it.
But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	But this picture can survive a continuing decline?
In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other regions, the sharia is imposed.
The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	President has fewer powers than it appears to be, and it is this particuli rement overshadowed by the guide supr to me Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Other ways are needed.	We must find other ways.
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	A man of influential, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, has even been more precise.  
They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are poor, sick and uncultivated.
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	Waste on the question of the Alstom Group would have serious repercussions in Europe and not only for the policies on competition.  
Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	We can also see that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled one recent books democracy against itself.
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Each protagonist had appreciably different theories and explanations on the situation.
The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of the book is in itself a sign of ‘ malaise. "
More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond geographical division, divisions reproduce at the local level.
And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad influence destabilizing, not Bernanke.
Other ways are needed.	Other means should be found.
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	This leaves opposition Conservative without effective response.
Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	What is more, the large oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions.
Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only a month ago, muybarak écartait for constitutional reform in the taxing of "futile.
The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of the book constitutes in itself a sign of “faintness”.
Other ways are needed.	We must find other ways.
Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	Employment, in particular, would help the young people to forge new lives thanks to serious employment.
Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, too, seems suspicion powerlessness of his regime.
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this great mistake is Russia to ruin its policy.
Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, of radicals technological advancements made fly away these threats.
But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.
A Europe for All	A Europe for all  
But they were necessary.	But they were needed.  
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	It has been an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Every leader had theories and markedly different explanations regarding the situation.
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	We are now witnessing the change of Muslim identity for an Islamic identity.
More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond the geographical division, the divisions recur at local level.
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	Losing of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition.
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	This is an implicit but clear répudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.
The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of the paper is itself a sign of malaise ".
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	To lose on the question of Alstom would have serious effects in Europe and not only for the policies on competition.
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of desinstitutionalisation of the religious experiment also occurs within Islam.
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad embarks in an adventure, not Bernanke.
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	Such is the spirit in which must be elaborate the European Constitution.
But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But the view us the international role of the dollar was a trap.
Last year he was wanted for murder.	Last year it was sought for murder.
Last year he was wanted for murder.	Last year it was sought for murder.
And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps the most important, the destabilising influence, not then.  
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	To be Moslem and be Islamiste are two different things.
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	The most important thing, however, is that when the rate of interest, the values.  
More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond geographical division, divisions reproduce at the local level.
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	Their donnerait-elle divorce law spouses who would have abandoned?
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can really object to this trend.
But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.
Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production in the country.
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	This leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response.
Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	Iraq's future is linked to oil production of the country.
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns that make us markets of securities if attractive reflect a fragile political balance.
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of deinstitutionalisation of religious experience also happens within Islam.
Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, too, seems to suspect the powerlessness of his regime.
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	That does not, however, the rich countries of their obligation to help.  
Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	The great Pax Europe of today, as prosperity pan-European today, depends on it.
Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the tops of the Turkish government.
Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	What is more, the situation of oil are not prepared to submit their policies of investment to market conditions.  
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this important mistaken is leading Russia to its political ruin.
Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	Economists pro market does not oppose companies which use openly the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.
The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The President has fewer powers than it they may seem, special to reviving is special to reviving overshadowed by guide supreme to me the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
The questions are many.	There are many questions.
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	A businessman Chinese influential, who share his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more precise.
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	On top of these lessons, we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.
The People Versus Putin	The people against Putin
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	That is the spirit in which must be developed the European Constitution.
Some results are remarkable.	Some results are remarkable.
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	It has been an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.
But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But the US point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.
The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The former version of the European reaction (the desire called "the desire of the") ”.  
Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	The economists pro-market do not oppose the companies which openly use the attraction of the luxury to promote their products.
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure, not bernanke.
More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond the geographical division, at local level.  
Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached summits of the Turkish Government.
The Political Stock Market	The politization of the markets of the transferable securities
Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is linked to oil production.
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This trend goes well beyond simple scarves.
Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the heights of the Turkish Government.
Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	We can also note that the French philosopher, Marcel Gauchet has called one of these recent books Democracy against itself.
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	To be Muslim and Islamic are two different things.
In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other regions, the sharia is imposed.
Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	One can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled one of these recent books the democracy against itself.
Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production.
In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other regions, the Sharia is imposed.
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity.
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	Those who do not know the intensive farming methods will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation.
Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	We can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled the recent books against democracy itself.
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This tendency goes well beyond simple.  
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	It is an implicit but but clearly, the head of State for 24 years.  
But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.
But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	However, the American courts accused a reduction of 5.2% between 9 and on 24 May.
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	The key is that when interest rates go up, the values of active fall.
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	Losing on the issue of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not only for the policies on competition.
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville thought that on the long run, nothing can be really opposed to this tendency.
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	A couple who have left?  
But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	However, the Americans have accused that lower 5.2% between 9 and on 24 May.
He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	What it did without the initiative not going very far.
there exist a number of different possible events that may happen in the future. in most cases, there is an agent involved who has to consider which of the possible events will or should occur. a salient_entity which is deeply involved in the event may also be mentioned.	doing as one pleases or chooses;
this frame contians lus which are like those of the desirability frame except the evaluee incorporates the parameter as "associated with a percieved place in a social heirarchy" for all lus. lus are not restricted to positive or negative implications.	being or characteristic of or appropriate to everyday language;
a recipient starts off without the theme in their possession, and then comes to possess it. although the source from which the theme came is logically necessary, the recipient and its changing relationship to the theme is profiled.	win something through one's efforts;
this frame concerns a specific subset of instances of a type which are evaluated in terms of their similarity to a conceptual prototype of the type. the judgment of exemplariness may be made along a certain domain.	a standard or typical example;
this frame contains words that describe an item's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable.	lacking in specific resources, qualities or substances;
this frames describes a perceiver who fails to keep sight of a theme. the focus of this frame is the perceiver, which appears in subject position. this frame contrasts with the opposing perspective in losing_track_of_perceiver, where the perceiver is the object and the theme is the subject.	place (something) where one cannot find it again;
a person takes leave from his or her routine activity (such as work or school) for a duration of time. the duration can be any length of time, as long as the absence is temporary.	failure to be present
a trigger elicits a response. the response may either be some kind of action meant to address the trigger event or an expressed judgment of the trigger event.	meet by design; be present at the arrival of;
a text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on a topic, created by an author at the time_of_creation. it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree.	an account of the series of events making up a person's life
an offerer indicates that he or she is able and willing to give a theme to a potential_recipient. in the absence of further qualifications, it is often understood that the potential_recipient accepts the theme.	provide (usually but not necessarily food);
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	territory over which rule or control is exercised;
an agent actively (yet not always with success) attempts to keep an event from taking place. this event is (usually) an urge which encourages the action that the agent wishes to prevent.	abstain from doing; always used with a negative;
lus in this frame denote a scenario in which a client arranges to retain the services of an organization at a later date.	engage for a performance;
the words in this frame describe a period of time, as opposed to a point in time.	the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death);
an agent has attempted to achieve a goal, and the actual outcome of the agent's action has been resolved, so that it either specifically matches the agent's intent (e.g. success) or does not match it (e.g. failure).	having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome;
a cognizer has a judgment of an evaluee, expressing how high or low their regard for the evaluee is.	come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds;
a controlling_entity is in conscious control over a dependent_entity, dependent_situation, or dependent_variable.	discipline in personal and social activities;
this is the primary frame evoked by the cardinal numbers.	a concept of quantity involving zero and units;
this frame has to do with people (the residents) residing in locations, sometimes with a co-resident.	inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of;
a speaker realizes a sign, usually a linguistic one, in some formal_realization. the formal_realization may be described as correct or incorrect in a judgment expression, or it may be partially indicated as a part_of_form. manner may be used as a more general indication of the formal_realization	(phonetics) an individual sound unit of speech without concern as to whether or not it is a phoneme of some language
a living entity intends a tool to be able to fulfill a generic purpose. the material from which the tool is created can be something natural or something manmade, including another tool.	what something is used for;
this frame describes a sufferer who experiences the loss of someone through death. the lus in this frame imply a strong emotional connection between the sufferer and the deceased.	suffer the loss of a person through death or removal;
this frame contains (transparent ) nouns that are units of measurement for time. the frame elements are count, unit and process.  in this frame, we will not annotate deictic, calendric uses of nouns like week, month, etc. as in "next week, this month, in the 21st century".	a period of time considered as a resource under your control and sufficient to accomplish something;
while in motion, an impactor makes sudden, forcible contact with the impactee, or two impactors both move, mutually making forcible contact.	hit against; come into sudden contact with;
a customer requests an entity from a supplier. the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium.	a request for something to be made, supplied, or served;
this frame concerns people being in an altered mental state that is induced by an intoxicant.	slightly and pleasantly intoxicated from alcohol or a drug (especially marijuana)
in this frame a group of individuals intentionally come together to form a group. alternatively, a grammatically more prominent party_1 assembles with a party_2, expressed as an oblique phrase. if this asymmetric construal is chosen, purpose only relates to party_1.	satisfy a condition or restriction;
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	a group of people (often temporary) having a common purpose;
there is a gradable amount of light in a particular location. in some cases the source of light may be indicated instead of the location.      the negetive lus in this frame can be used metaphorically to describe time periods which can be characterized as bad or lacking in awareness, as shown in the following examples	devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black;
a customer requests an entity from a supplier. the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium.	a commercial document used to request someone to supply something in return for payment and providing specifications and quantities;
a recordable sequence of events is associated with a given topic.	the continuum of events occurring in succession leading from the past to the present and even into the future;
an entity is in a specified state. when not explicitly specified, the state usually concerns the entity's health, repair of functioning. the state is also often assessed with an evaluation and it may be specified to apply only to a particular parameter of the entity.	the way something is with respect to its main attributes;
this frame contains words that describe how potent a chemical is.	having a strong physiological or chemical effect;
this frame describes intentionally formed human social groups (here termed organizations) with some definite structure and members. they may be relatively informal, consisting only of a group of individuals who are aware of who is and who is not a fellow member, or they may be complex and long-lasting, such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party.	a committee having supervisory powers;
this frame contains words that describe an item's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable.	greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount;
a benefactor confers a beneficial_situation to a beneficiary. unlike in commerce_scenario, the recipient is not necessarily required to pay for the good or service that they receive. therefore, the element of benevolence is profiled. dual fe-layer annotation	financial assistance in time of need
an entity is considered worthy of mention for their ability or influence among some type of similar entities. the entity need not be well-known or famous, though if it is, it may be stated by its name only. their worth may be restricted to a time or place.	of major significance or importance;
these are words referring to control by a leader over a particular entity (the governed) or an activity. the frame contains both nouns referring to a title or position (e.g. director, king, president), and verbs describing the action of leadership (e.g. rule, reign). with verbs, it is possible to mention the role played by the leader (often a name of a leading position, e.g., king)	exercise authority over; as of nations;
an object theme moves in the direction of a goal. the goal may be expressed or it may be understood from context, but its is always implied by the verb itself.	succeed in reaching; arrive at;
this frame contains words that describe a set of individuals which possess some commonality, generally a common attribute.	belonging to or participated in by a community as a whole; public;
an employee has a position doing work in a particular field, or doing work on a particular task, for which an employer gives compensation to the employee.	the occupation for which you are paid;
a current_instance of a certain type is under discussion. this instance is evaluated as being the same instance or a different instance from a previous_instance encountered in a previous_context.	unlike in nature or quality or form or degree;
this frame contains words that denote kinship relations. in annotating the directional uses of these words, we use the standard terms from anthropology, ego and alter. matilde is gilberto's cousin once removed	a social unit living together;
the entity interacts with the theme with the effect of moving of the theme.	(physiology) regulation or maintenance of a function or action or reflex etc;
a theme traverses a trajectory. this trajectory consists of a source, path, and goal. if the theme is sentient, the anticipated trajectory will usually be equivalent to the planned trajectory. if the the theme is non-sentient the anticipated trajectory will usually be the result of various forces acting upon the theme.	a line leading to a place or point;
this frame contains verbs and nouns that communicate the act of a speaker to address a message to some addressee using language. a number of the words can be used performatively, such as declare and insist.	make a proposal, declare a plan for something;
an entity changes from a prior_state to a post_state in a sequence leading to improvement.	a process in which something passes by degrees to a different stage (especially a more advanced or mature stage);
an experiencer actualizes a certain pattern of behavior, a lifestyle, which persists for a significant period of time in the experiencer's life and is recognized as part of his character or normal routine. the lifestyle is not necessarily realized intentionally, and may just be the result of circumstance.	lead a certain kind of life; live in a certain style;
a certain idiosyncrasy belongs to an entity distinguishing it from other entities.	unique or specific to a person or thing or category;
this frame describes a particular instance of an event.	an instance or single occasion for some event;
an entity has a temperature characterized by the target. the temperature is a value of the temperature attribute.    note that in this frame, the entity does not experience the temperature, but is merely described as being in a certain externally verifiable state. is not in frame but rather in subjective_temperature	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	a collection of things sharing a common attribute;
an agent occupies a role in some institution. this roleis (usually) temporary and can be occupied by other entities at different periods of time. it is common for a duration of the role to be mentionned.	do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function;
a figure is located relative to a ground location. the location of the figure may be further specified by its distance from a reference location (generally, the deictic center) and the direction in which the figure lies from a reference location (generally, the deictic center).	be adjacent or come together;
this frames describes a social event where there may or may not be a permanent or semi-permanent relationship between participants. additionally, participants in this frame are expressed in one representative fe, attendees. note the difference between this frame and social_event_individuals, where participants are grammatically separated.	a participant in a date;
this frame contains items which, when manipulated, alter the funtion of some device, internal or external.	a mechanism that controls the operation of a machine;
this frame describes a general situation in which an owner either increases or decreases their amount of a possession. the increase or decrease may either be physical or metaphorical.	fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense;
an entity is integrated into a vehicle as a part of a (possibly unexpressed) whole which may refer to the whole vehicle or merely to a sub-part of the vehicle.	a transparent opening in a vehicle that allow vision out of the sides or back; usually is capable of being opened
this frame contains words that describe specific aspects of a color. the degree to which the color being discussed deviates from the prototype may be marked. the description may also target a specific aspect of color.	(used of color) having a dark hue;
a record that contains a permanent account of data. this record may be maintained by a recorder for a certain entity.	a record in which commercial accounts are recorded;
this frame covers words for body_part(s) (bp) belonging to a possessor (poss), which may be characterized by a descriptor (desc). the location of the bp may be identified in terms of its attachment or its orientational_location. a subregion of a bp may also be indicated.	the front of the human head from the forehead to the chin and ear to ear;
an agent performs a response action in consequence of a trigger event. in many cases, a non-agentive responding_entity causes the response after the trigger occurs.	contend against an opponent in a sport, game, or battle;
a protagonist is in the dynamic, maintained state of being alive or has exited this state.	the condition of living or the state of being alive;
an agent acts so as to be the strongest force, or most important causal factor in some situation, to the exclusion of other competing actors.	be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance;
an entity aids in the successful completion of a purpose. its degree of utility may also be expressed. some of the lexical units in this frame (e.g. great, good) can only express permanent, generic states of the entity.	of good quality and condition; solidly built;
an agent causes an impactor to make sudden, forcible contact with an impactee, or manipulates two (or more) impactors so that they make mutual forcible contact.	drive something violently into a location;
an experiencer senses different degrees of warmth that may or may not be related to the ambient temperature. the level of warmth is usually compared against the experiencer's subjective standard of comfort.	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
a protagonist is in the dynamic, maintained state of being alive or has exited this state.	have life, be alive;
a prisoner is punished for committing a crime by being confined to a prison for a specified period of time.	spend time in prison or in a labor camp;
in this frame a speaker asks an addressee for something, or to carry out some action.	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority;
the temperature in a certain environment, determined by time and place, is specified.	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
a state_of_affairs is evaluated as good (or bad), against a background assumption that previously, the state_of_affairs was thought to be unlikely to occur. the state_of_affairs holds for a particular protagonist.	deserving or inciting pity;
an agent makes use of a means (either an action or a (system of) entities standing in for the action) in order to achieve a purpose. (this frame may be broadened to include non-agentive intermediate actions.)	how a result is obtained or an end is achieved;
an developer develops a product, in some cases for a company.	act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining;
a text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on a topic, created by an author at the time_of_creation. it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree.	a record or narrative description of past events;
an influencing_variable, an influencing_situation, or an influencing_entity has an influence on a dependent_entity, dependent_variable, or a dependent_situation.  compare to subjective_influence. words in objective_influence are used to make claims about correlations in the world, where words in subjective_influence are used to explain emotional impacts made on cognizers.	the effect of one thing (or person) on another;
an entity is able to exert a force of the magnitude specified by the target.	having little impact;
this frame is concerned with transparent nouns denoting a piece of a substance. also present is piece_prop which is a property of the piece, e.g. relating to its size.	a printed circuit that can be inserted into expansion slots in a computer to increase the computer's capabilities
a speaker addresses an audience on a particular topic. the audience is generally passive, although for many types of address (including academic talks and press conferences), a discussion or question-answer period is virtually always required.	narrate or give a detailed account of;
the word(s) in this frame detail a particular moment in time.these often occur with demonstratives such as this and that.	the specified day of the month;
this frame is concerned with nouns denoting a part or parts of a whole entity . the part is not defined relative to the whole's orientation, center, or edge and is not ordered. we also annotate properties of the part, e.g. relating to its size.	(music) the section of a composition or movement (especially in sonata form) where the major musical themes are developed and elaborated
an entity is designed for or exists to perform an activity or fulfill a role.	serve a purpose, role, or function;
a place defined by an owner.	the land on which real estate is located;
a law regulates activities or states of affairs within a jurisdiction, dictating what required states should be the case and what forbidden states should not. often it also indicates negative consequences for individuals that violate it, and these negative consequences are generally enforced by some official authority. they may or may not be created by some official legislative body.	a body of rules followed by an assembly
the authorities put a prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense.	the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned;
ambient conditions of temperature, precipitation, windiness, and sunniness pertain at a certain place and time. further specification of the conditions that pertain may also be indicated.	free of clouds or rain;
an individual or group (practitioner) or a part of their work life (work) is defined professionally by the activity that they typically engage in. alternatively, the activity may be indicated by a salient_entity conventionally associated with it.	the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings;
a particular piece of information is evaluated for its accuracy. the degree of correctness may also be expressed. the source of information may also metonymically stand in for the information.	consistent with fact or reality; not false;
this frame contains adjectives and nouns that describe the truth or sincerity of communication. these words, analogously to behaver-evaluating words, can apply either to speakers or to the messages they produce. they can occur with about-pps expressing topic.	worthy of being depended on;
this frame is for objects, physical or otherwise, which are used to grant access to some location or function.	a sequence of numbers or letters that opens a combination lock;
an entity has the ability to contain a theme.	be used by; as of a utility;
this frame contains words that denote kinship relations. in annotating the directional uses of these words, we use the standard terms from anthropology, ego and alter. matilde is gilberto's cousin once removed	family based on male descent;
two individuals, the subordinate and the superior have a relationship such that the subordinate generally follows orders given by the superior and has the best interests of the superior in mind.	work for or be a servant to;
lus in this frame denote a period of time in which an enabled_action becomes possible. the duration of this time period can be both exact and inexact. an agent who performs the enabled_action may be mentioned as well.	the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something;
this frame is concerned with words that describe a person based on a salient part of their body.	(used of hair or skin) pale or light-colored; ;
in this frame, there is a part of a whole in which the part is defined with respect to the canonical or inherent orientation of the whole. in cases where the target is an adjective, it has a special relationship with the noun that it modifies such that a phrase which is a syntactic argument of the noun is semantically available to fill the argument structure of the adjective, as in	the striking or working surface of an implement
an event takes place at a place and time.	a recent event that has some relevance for the present situation;
there is a certain physical distance within which some other entity can participate in an event (typically perception or manipulation) with the participant. alternatively, the event may be indicated metonymically by a instrument . [note the connection with *distance, sufficiency, and capability. words in this frame can generally be paraphrased "close enough to be able to".]	a range of mental vision;
in this frame a part is part of a larger whole comprised of parts that are ordered. the parts can be ordered temporally (first to last and vice versa) or vertically (down to up and vice versa). the part can be modified by the part_prop or the number of the part can be given by ordinality.	a major division of a long written composition;
a competitor claims a prize as a result of the outcome of their participation in a competition.	be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious;
an entity is able to exert a force of the magnitude specified by the target.	having strength or power greater than average or expected;
an artifact is deliberately made or modified by an intelligent entity to be put to a certain kind of use. various properties of the artifact may be specified, such as its creator, time_of_creation, name, type, and the material of which it is composed. the artifact may or may not be a physical entity.	a stout length of sawn timber; made in a wide variety of sizes and used for many purposes
a helper benefits a benefited_party by enabling the culmination of a goal that the benefited_party has. a focal_entity that is involved in reaching the goal may stand in for it.	give help or assistance; be of service;
a speaker realizes a sign, usually a linguistic one, in some formal_realization. the formal_realization may be described as correct or incorrect in a judgment expression, or it may be partially indicated as a part_of_form. manner may be used as a more general indication of the formal_realization	speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way;
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	the territory occupied by a nation;
the support, a phenomenon or fact, lends support to a claim or proposed course of action, the proposition, where the domain_of_relevance may also be expressed. some of the words in this frame (e.g. argue) are communication words used in a non-communicative, epistemic sense.	establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment;
the authorities put a prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense.	a prison term lasting as long as the prisoner lives;
an agent manipulates an instrument in order to achieve a purpose.	put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose;
this frame concerns a cognizer's certainty about the correctness of beliefs or expectations. it only includes uses where a cognizer is expressed.	be aware of the truth of something; have a belief or faith in something; regard as true beyond any doubt;
the words in this frame describe situations in which an agent or a cause injures a victim. the body_part of the victim which is most directly affected may also be mentioned in the place of the victim. in such cases, the victim is often indicated as a genitive modifier of the body_part, in which case the victim fe is indicated on a second fe layer.	deliver a sharp blow, as with the hand, fist, or weapon;
a useful_location is accessible to some (possibly generic) theme despite a potential barrier, or is not accessible because of the barrier.	having skin rich in melanin pigments;
in a text, a source_of_information is given that provides a reader of the text with further information relevant to the text. in this frame the author and reader are completely deprofiled, with the source_of_information made salient.	seek information from;
a speaker interprets a written text and speaks the contents, usually to an addressee. the contents may be the text verbatim or a representation of the text.	look at, interpret, and say out loud something that is written or printed;
words in this frame have to do with a cognizer being aware (or not being aware) of the difference between two phenomena, which may be expressed jointly or disjointly.	be able to distinguish, recognize as being different;
the support, a phenomenon or fact, lends support to a claim or proposed course of action, the proposition, where the domain_of_relevance may also be expressed. some of the words in this frame (e.g. argue) are communication words used in a non-communicative, epistemic sense.	imply as a possibility;
this frame describes intentionally formed human social groups (here termed organizations) with some definite structure and members. they may be relatively informal, consisting only of a group of individuals who are aware of who is and who is not a fellow member, or they may be complex and long-lasting, such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party.	a formal association of people with similar interests;
in this frame an evaluee is described by a (usually implicit) judge with respect to the morality or rightness of his or her behavior.	stemming from evil characteristics or forces; wicked or dishonorable; -Thomas Hardy
an author creates a text, either written, such as a letter, or spoken, such as a speech, that contains meaningful linguistic tokens, and may have a particular addressee in mind. the text may include information about its topic, although the latter is not an fe in this frame.	recite or repeat a fixed text;
a controlling_entity, controlling_situation, or controlling_variable control a dependent_entity, dependent_situation, or dependent_variable. the latter, dependent, element or some aspect of it is not just influenced, but determined by the controlling element.	power to direct or determine;
this frame describes a situation in which an owner loses his or her possession. the owner may have failed to keep ownership of their possession (i.e. robbery or gambling) or may have unintentionally misplaced their possession.	fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense;
these adjectives describe the degree of strictness or tolerance of an agent, usually with regard to another person (the controllee) and often with regard to a particular issue. the strictness/lenience with respect to the issue may be manifested in (expressed by) an agent or by some medium (e.g., laws), or by some behavior of the agent, i.e., the controlling_act.	unsparing and uncompromising in discipline or judgment;
some stimulus causes a cognizer to think of a prior phenomenon due to its perceived similarity.	suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine;
an artifact is deliberately made or modified by an intelligent entity to be put to a certain kind of use. various properties of the artifact may be specified, such as its creator, time_of_creation, name, type, and the material of which it is composed. the artifact may or may not be a physical entity.	a flat portable surface (usually rectangular) designed for board games;
authorities charge a suspect, who is under suspicion of having committed a crime (the charges), and take him/her into custody.the police arrested harry on charges of manslaughter.	record a charge in a police register;
the reader attends to a text to process its information. sometimes a particular kind of phenomenon is sought in the text.	interpret something that is written or printed;
this frame contains nouns denoting a rank or level within an established hierarchy.	(usually plural) the status or rank or office of a Christian clergyman in an ecclesiastical hierarchy;
a text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on a topic, created by an author at the time_of_creation. it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree.	a written work or composition that has been published (printed on pages bound together);
an insulator is judged for its potential to increase the body temperature of an experiencer. the activity that the experiencer engages in to experience the heat and the circumstances in which the insulator is judged may also be provided.	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
an entity exists at a particular location, at a particular time, as observed by an implicit observer. a depictive and/or duration phrase is often found. this frame differs from existence in that the location is profiled as a ground where an observer is conceived of as confirming the entity's existence.     in some cases, the location may be recoverable from phrases that primarily express peripheral information	the state of being absent;
an entity undergoes some change (the event) that is (or is construed as) punctual. (this frame exists mainly to allow common fes to be inherited.)	affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely;
the locale is a geographical location as defined by shape. this frame includes natural geographic features, including land/ice forms and bodies of water.	a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water
an entity is judged to be sensually pleasing or intellectually interesting to a (generally implicit) judge.	very pleasing to the eye;
the words in this frame describe a period of time, as opposed to a point in time.	an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or activities);
an agent or entity becomes sufficient enough to meet a standard. alternatively, an action or occurrence can be thought of as event that fulfills a standard. in this frame, the agent, entity, or event can be conceptualized as being on a scale where a change of value or circumstances brings it in line with the position of the standard on the scale.	fill or meet a want or need
an entity stands out perceptually in comparison to other members of its type.	characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity;
the answer to one open question, the outcome, is dictated (partially or completely) by the answer to another open question, the determinant, i.e. if the answer to the determinant is known, the answer to the outcome can be predicted. the degree of predictive power and the circumstances under which the dependency holds can also be expressed.	a relation such that one thing is dependent on another;
this frame describes the attributes of a thermodynamic phase of matter.	(chemistry) the three traditional states of matter are solids (fixed shape and volume) and liquids (fixed volume and shaped by the container) and gases (filling the container);
these words describe the size of message that a speaker is judged by a (usually unexpressed) judge to give, either in a specific occasion or topic or in general. as in other communication frames, medium may also be expressed.	free of noise or uproar; or making little if any sound;
an entity is presented as having been seen or experienced by a (typically generic and backgrounded) cognizer on a certain number of occasions, causing the entity to have a certain degree of recognizability for the cognizer.	be familiar or acquainted with a person or an object;
words in this frame describe the status of an action with respect to a code of laws or rules. an object may also be in violation or compliance of the code by virtue of its existence, location or possession.	(of a baseball) hit between the foul lines;
these words refer to parts merging to form a whole. (the parts may also be encoded as part_1 and part_2.) there is a symmetrical relationship between the components that undergo the process, and afterwards the parts are consumed and are no longer distinct entities that are easily discernable or separable in the whole.	a collection of things that have been combined; an assemblage of separate parts or qualities
a man-made artifact, digital or physical, which is used to display information presented via the object.	a vertical surface on which information can be displayed to public view
words in this frame have to do with a cognizer believing that some phenomenon will take place in the future. some words in the frame (e.g. foresee.v) indicate that the phenomenon is asserted also to be true, while others do not.	look forward to the probable occurrence of;
a helper benefits a benefited_party by enabling the culmination of a goal that the benefited_party has. a focal_entity that is involved in reaching the goal may stand in for it.	help to some food; help with food or drink;
an entity is integrated into a building as a part of a (possibly unexpressed) whole which may refer to the whole building or merely to a sub-part of the building.	a pane of glass in a window;
the words in this frame refer to facial expressions and the possessors of those expressions.	the feelings expressed on a person's face;
geography as defined by its use.	a district that has been developed to serve some purpose;
a phenomenon is portrayed with respect to the degree of likelihood that it will be perceived and known, given the (usually implicit) evidence, perceiver, and the circumstances in which it is considered. for several of the lus, such as visible, audible, etc., the type of the evidence is fixed by the targets themselves being a perceptual experience.	be or become visible or noticeable;
this frame concerns a specific subset of instances of a type which are evaluated in terms of their similarity to a conceptual prototype of the type. the judgment of exemplariness may be made along a certain domain.	devoted (sometimes fanatically) to a cause or concept or truth;
an entity can bear a great outer force so as to resist destruction and damage.	immune to attack; incapable of being tampered with;
lus in this frame modify a gradable attribute and describe intensities at the extreme positions on a scale.	surpassing what is common or usual or expected;
an authority with the power to make decisions hands down a finding over a question presented in a formal or informal case.	decide with authority;
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation;
a speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by a degree.	intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or quality;
an agent expends effort towards achieving a goal. alternatively, a salient_entity involved in the goal can be expressed in place of a goal expression.	activity directed toward making or doing something;
this frame has to do with scientific taxonomy. the lexical units in this frame include the seven major classifications in which organisms are grouped based on common biological characteristics. these classifications are labeled rank in this frame. the members or subtype of the rank is often expressed with the use of the target-denoting noun.	(biology) taxonomic group containing one or more families
this frame contains words referring to items of food.	a particular day specified as the time something happens;
a person or institution is being described in terms of their wealthiness, in other words the amount of money in their possession.	having little money or few possessions;
an experimenter conducts an experiment based on a hypothesis. this experiment contains a control_group or controlled_individual which is compared with a treatment_group or treated_individual in order to determine the result.	a standard against which other conditions can be compared in a scientific experiment;
a speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by a degree.	not faint or feeble;
this lus in this frame refer to biological entities labeled by the fe organism. an organism is described as something that can be alive, or have naturally occuring biological processes and functions, however the concept of life is often used metaphorically for non-organic entities which resemble or act as if they have organic life.	living things collectively;
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	a number of sheets (ticket or stamps etc.) bound together on one edge;
this frame has to do with the repetition (and especially the frequency of repetition) of an event. many of the adjectives and adverbs in this frame are based on nouns in the calendric_unit frame.	having no special distinction or quality; widely known or commonly encountered; average or ordinary or usual;
this frame contains transparent nouns (and some adjectives) denoting quantities of a mass or of individuals. as opposed to aggregate words such as group, set, these quantity do not have a status as wholes on their own. initially, at least, we annotate both quantity of masses and of individuals in this frame, though we may split the frame along these lines later on.	not excessive or extreme;
the size of an entity is assessed in terms of the degree by which it deviates from the norm. the size refers to the amount of three-dimensional space that is occupied by the entity.	relatively large in size or number or extent; larger than others of its kind;
an agent or cause makes a new_member part of group. the group may be represented by an individual existing_member if it implies the existence of a set of members.	make an addition (to); join or combine or unite with others; increase the quality, quantity, size or scope of;
lus in this frame denote that the instance of a type is contextually notable. this frame typically requires dual fe layer annotation; see below.	separate and distinct from others of the same group or category;
in this frame, which is a part of the trial sequence, a judge gives a finding with respect to the charges against the defendant in a particular case.	decide on and make a declaration about;
this frame concerns entities conventionally being referred to by particular names.	a language unit by which a person or thing is known;
the lexical units in this frame have to do with an entity being in a state of order or disorder. often the entity is unexpressed in this frame and is, therefore, marked as a null instantiation.	established customary state (especially of society);
the lexical units in this frame are descriptions of a cognizer's attitude about or outlook on a state_of_affairs.     the state_of_affairs can be expressed without a cognizer in many cases, as shown in the following	showing a brooding ill humor;
a salient subevent has a pattern of recurrence within a larger process.	rhythm as given by division into parts of equal duration
a cognizer introduces a new_idea into society.	make a discovery, make a new finding;
an experiencer actualizes a certain pattern of behavior, a lifestyle, which persists for a significant period of time in the experiencer's life and is recognized as part of his character or normal routine. the lifestyle is not necessarily realized intentionally, and may just be the result of circumstance.	a characteristic state or mode of living;
a person has a particular mental state and the ability to engage in an activity with enthusiasm, energy, and positivity.	animation and energy in action or expression;
this frame contains lus that express the form which a piece of artwork represents. the form may also represent the entire body of an artist's work. the form may be further characterized by the time of some artwork's creation or other descriptors.	(architecture) one of original three styles of Greek architecture distinguished by the type of column and entablature used or a style developed from the original three by the Romans
geography as defined by its use.	a place where work is done;
an entity meets the pre-conditions for participating in an event. a degree modifier may be included to indicate by how much the entity exceeds or falls short of the minimum requirements.	(usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something;
a person (the cognizer) comes to believe something (the content), sometimes after a process of reasoning. this change in belief is usually initiated by a person or piece of evidence. occasionally words in this domain are accompanied by phrases expressing topic, i.e. that which the mental content is about.	establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study;
this frame contains verbs and nouns that communicate the act of a speaker to address a message to some addressee using language. a number of the words can be used performatively, such as declare and insist.	state or say further;
this frame is concerned with the likelihood of a hypothetical_event occurring. the hypothetical_event is its only core frame element.  notice that in the case where a noun phrase is the subject of the support verb, that np is also tagged as hypothetical_event.	involving substantial risk;
in this frame an ingestor takes a substance into his or her body. the delivery_device can appear as a direct object.	take or consume (regularly or habitually);
the hearer receives a message or communication on a particular topic. words in this frame denote events of verbal communication, but express the hearer rather than the speaker as an external argument.	to hear and understand;
the locale is a geographical location as defined by shape. this frame includes natural geographic features, including land/ice forms and bodies of water.	material in the top layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow (especially with reference to its quality or use);
this frame has to do with scientific taxonomy. the lexical units in this frame include the seven major classifications in which organisms are grouped based on common biological characteristics. these classifications are labeled rank in this frame. the members or subtype of the rank is often expressed with the use of the target-denoting noun.	(biology) a taxonomic group containing one or more genera;
a perceiver determines the location of a sought_entity within a ground.	come upon after searching; find the location of something that was missed or lost;
in this frame a speaker asks an addressee for something, or to carry out some action.	(often plural) a command given by a superior (e.g., a military or law enforcement officer) that must be obeyed;
a piece of evidence indicates that an event occured, or metonymically, entity had formerly existed, in a location.	an indication that something has been present;
a competition comes to an end, with a competitor tying, winning, or losing against an opponent (or opponents) according to their score. (in the symmetrical situation of a tie, the competitor and opponent may be jointly mentioned as competitors.) according to the score that the competitor and opponent have achieved, they may receive a rank or a prize. the margin may also be mentioned.	finish third or better in a horse or dog race;
measure the depth of a body of water	any large deep body of water.
someone who plays a principal role	an actor who plays a principal role.
(cause to) come to rest on a surface	reach or come to rest.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of choosing or selecting.
alphanumeric sequence used for identification	a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification.
a state of being elevated or raised	the event of something being raised upward.
the act of lifting something	the act of climbing something.
Bind or join (as if) with cement.	shine intensely, as if with heat.
(finally) do something or be somewhere	cause something to pass or lead somewhere.
a point, as the op part of a compass arrow	a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
coerce by violence, fill with terror	coerce by violence or with threats.
cause to move, cause to be moved	cease to operate or cause to cease operating.
the uppermost area of region of something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the foremost part of something	have flavor; taste of something.
behave or move in a certain manner	behave in a certain manner.
a reproduction or physical representation of something	a visual representation of something.
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition	a specialized division of a large organization.
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position	a person who is appointed to a job or position.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of.
a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean	a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of cracking something.
Cut into, possibly creating something new.	the act of cracking something.
the act of choosing among alternatives	the act of changing one thing for another thing.
The act of testing something.	the act of breaking something.
the state of being in contact	the state of being connected.
giving a reference or citation of something	change the nature, purpose, or function of something.
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object	a surface forming part of the outside of an object.
a feeling or state of contentment, relief	a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.
place into the ground for growing	place or put on the ground.
an approximated amount of something	a visual representation of something.
stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of projecting out from something.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.	express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).
The state of being suspected.	the state of being excluded.
The act of providing approval and support.	the act of having and controlling property.
Relieve someone from work by taking a turn; take turns working.	relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn.
a side or surface of something	a brief experience of something.
utter in a certain way	appear in a certain way.
the act of turning, rotating an object	turning or twisting around (in place).
(Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.	increase in extent or intensity.
the legal state of owing money	the verbal act of offering.
make sense of, give meaning to	make sense of; assign a meaning to.
The act of beginning something new.	the act of hiring something or someone.
printed version of electronic data from a computer	(computer science) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper.
Limit in quantity or quality.	limit in quality or quantity.
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something	search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.
the act of surrendering or losing something of value	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.	the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture.
Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
the natural progression or development of something	the act or means of getting rid of something.
the act of lifting something	the act of describing something.
an explanation or alibi for something	an opinion formed by judging something.
recover, return to former state	return to a former condition.
Act without permission or with too much confidence.	take liberties or act with too much confidence.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of testing something.
become the owner or posessor of something	make a film or photograph of something.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of rejecting something.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	the act of testing something.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act or means of getting rid of something.	the physical position of something.
the shape of a wave in a given period of time	the popular taste at a given time.
a distinctive style of clothing	an intuitive understanding of something.
cause to have an odor	cause to become alive again.
fall or cause to fall	let or cause to fall in drops.
the act of allowing, bestowing something	the act of testing something.
keep from being seen or perceived by others	hold back; keep from being perceived by others.
a document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf	a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting.
the act of lifting something	the act of retaining something.
the act of combining, blending, integrating	the act of chipping something.
smell by inhaling through the nose	perceive by inhaling through the nose.
the conclusion of a communication	the intended meaning of a communication.
(cause to) adopt a different system, value, or viewpoint	cause to adopt a new or different faith.
(cause to) become less intense or strict	cause to become violent or angry.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of losing someone or something.
narrative or account, intended as factual reporting	a short account of the news.
Engrave by means of dots.	engrave by means of dots and flicks.
the act of shoving something away	the act of raising something.
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim	decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.
make noise like bad engine	make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants.
be in direct physical contact with	be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
the quality of being dependable	the quality of being of practical use.
Arrange a programme for an individual, group, or entity.	arrange a program of or for.
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music	give an interpretation or rendition of.
the quality of being dependable	the act of dwelling in a place.
a store or supply of something	a store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms).
suggest or prescribe a solution	suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine.
person who manages money in board games	a person who is in charge.
the act of rubbing a surface	the act of dragging (pulling with force).
The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
the act of validating the authenticity of something	the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of forcing out someone or something.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of winding or twisting.
Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition	oppose, as in hostility or a competition.
Travel (as if) through water.	move as if through a sieve.
administer or bestow, as portions	administer or bestow, as in small portions.
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.	to wind or move in a spiral course.
Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.	induce into action by using one's charm.
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits	a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.
hold or embrace in a tight grip	hold in a tight grasp.
the shape of a wave in a given period of time	the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time.
the foremost part of something	the lower part of anything.
The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.	the act of liberating someone or something.
the act of planning or deliberating	the action of putting something into operation.
be located at or on top of something	cause (someone) to undergo something.
the scent or odor of something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
(Cause to) make a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.	make a dry crackling sound.
fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum	cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.
The act of talking about the features of something.	the act of sharing in the activities of a group.
the act of providing help or aid to someone	the act of applying paint to a surface.
a natural growth of plants, usually trees	a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area.
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of cracking something.
the physical expanse of the universe	the physical position of something.
a boundary area or edge of something	a boundary marking the extremities of something.
reach a destination or goal	reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
to argue or plead in favor of	argue or speak in defense of.
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for	cause to happen or be responsible for.
take or capture by force or authority	to put down by force or authority.
(cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space	cause to march or go at a marching pace.
the act of rending, tearing, ripping	the act of reducing the amount or number.
Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).	equip with armed and armored motor vehicles.
(the content of) a communication.	the last section of a communication.
The act of changing course or twisting oneself.	the act of indicating or pointing out by name.
the act of pressing together firmly	the act of disturbing the mind or body.
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.	the condition of being motivated.
move to a lower position, terminate something	lower the pitch of (musical notes).
the act of pulling a load	the act of making a proposal.
(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly	break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.
The human act of making something new.	the speech act of making something evident.
make or become more acute or intense	make ready for action or use.
the activity of breaking or splintering something	the act of breaking something.
the extreme endpoint of something	get the meaning of something.
Perform an action with an intent to deceive.	make a copy of with the intent to deceive.
any cause or source of great suffering	any affliction that causes great suffering.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of drawing or hauling something.
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.	to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.
The state of being pleased with life.	the state of being rejected.
the height of the sea's surface	the solid part of the earth's surface.
The act of testing something.	the act of starting something.
cover with a primer base	cover with a primer; apply a primer to.
discover a logical or causal connection; associate	make a logical or causal connection.
Rewrite in a different script.	extend in a different direction.
the act of reasoning, cogitation	the act of beginning something new.
the act of giving a speech	the act of giving a false appearance.
be located at or on top of something	observe or plot the moving path of something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of breaking something.
the scent or odor of something	have a disagreement over something.
Give an incentive or reason for action.	give an incentive for action.
the context or setting in which something takes place	the act of cutting something into parts.
tolerate; aceept or take on as a responsibility.	give surety or assume responsibility.
move from one location to another	move from one place to another.
The act of testing something.	the act of dropping something.
Give a performative affectation to (something).	give a performance (of something).
a participant who is a beginner in some activity	any new participant in some activity.
Turn the paddle or oar.	turn the paddle; in canoeing.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of drawing or hauling something.
the conclusion of a communication	the last section of a communication.
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.	the relation of comprising something.
be a reason, cause, or justification of	serve as a reason or cause or justification of.
retreat or move from a position, relocate	remove from a position or office.
The human act of making something new.	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.
an instance of halting some motion	the act of starting something.
(cause to) gradually become weak	cause to become widely known.
a deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement	an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose.
The act of giving up a claim, office, or possession.	the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.).
the uppermost area of region of something	exclusive control or possession of something.
take something or someone away from somewhere	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.
energy in the form of molecular motion	money in the form of bills or coins.
a state of exposure to harm	a state of extreme poverty.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of attaching or affixing something.
The act of testing something.	the act of rejecting something.
have a strong desire to do something	have a wish or desire to know something.
take in (mentally or physically)	take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
pronounce with a nasal twang	pronounce with an initial sibilant.
an upward slope or incline	an upward slope or grade (as in a road).
an allotment or percentage of something	a relatively long narrow piece of something.
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
Identify, establish location or identity	recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.
the act of shoving something away	the act of starting something.
an explanation or alibi for something	an obligation to pay or do something.
incline from a vertical position	to incline or bend from a vertical position.
Preserve in a tin or jar.	preserve in a can or tin.
behave or move in a certain manner	dress in a certain manner.
The act of testing something.	the act of raising something.
give a deceptive explanation for; cover up	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.
The principal activity that one does to earn money.	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.
The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of drawing or hauling something.
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of becoming more distant.
The act of testing something.	the act of retaining something.
12th month of the calendar year	the last (12th) month of the year.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the activity of protecting someone or something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of troubling or annoying someone.
a company that provides public service commodities	a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.
get involved with or mixed up	get involved or mixed-up with.
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal	a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number).
a fast rate or occurrence of something	a brief experience of something.
the act of lifting something	the act of chipping something.
(cause to) become even or level	make even or more even.
Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
Give an incentive or reason for action.	give an interpretation or rendition of.
hit or return before it touches the ground	hit before it touches the ground.
the act or means of getting rid of something.	the state of being unsure of something.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the action of putting something into operation.
Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply	fix or set securely or deeply.
A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of a literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.	the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc..
the activity of breaking or splintering something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
a retail store with merchandise for sale	a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services.
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain	twist suddenly so as to sprain.
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ	resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.
be a factor or play a role in something	the act of stopping something.
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace	the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace.
request or demand something from someone	the act of damaging something or someone.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	the act of forming or establishing something.
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.	support on the back and shoulders.
oppose with equal weight or force	contrast with equal weight or force.
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality	the quality of not being useful or convenient.
the quality of being important, worthy of attention	the quality of being important and worthy of note.
attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities	a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner).
the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity	change toward something smaller or lower.
a visual characterization of something	a chance to do something.
put in a particular place or abstract location	cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation.
the action of extending outwards	the trait of wasting resources.
the consequence or aftermath of something	have flavor; taste of something.
(Cause to) increase in anxiety.	cause to run in panic.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of forming or establishing something.
turn on an axis; spin	cause to turn on an axis or center.
PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry	set into opposition or rivalry.
the processing or operation of something	the physical position of something.
the act of pulling a load	the act of hearing attentively.
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of designating or identifying something.
come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware	the act of liberating someone or something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of dropping something.
social or economic downfall of someone or a group	failure that results in a loss of position or reputation.
the primary component of a communication	the last section of a communication.
the process of becoming less or smaller	process or result of becoming less or smaller.
the concluding section of a communication	the last section of a communication.
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
the act or capability of seeing	the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the act of damaging something or someone.
give a specific interpretation to	twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.
The state of being suspected.	the state of being rejected.
The process of cultivating the land, possibly as a way of life.	agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life.
a military aircraft that drops ordinance	a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the act of liberating someone or something.
accept, acclimate or adapt to a context, situation	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles	the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.
The human act of making something new.	the act of cracking something.
Beat or hit (as if) with a whip.	maintain with or as if with a bet.
the act of lifting something	the act of stopping something.
rein in a horse to lose a race	rein in to keep from winning a race.
(cause to) come to rest on a surface	cause to come out in a squirt.
provide or supply with water	cover or swamp with water.
Amount that can be contained	the amount that can be contained.
contain or have a specific wording or information	have or contain a certain wording or form.
a channel of social communication	a channel for communication between groups.
Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.	lengthen or extend in duration or space.
a rank or position relative to others	take or have a position relative to others.
the uppermost area of region of something	the act of dropping something.
the apparent condition or state of something	the act of losing someone or something.
burn slightly to affect color	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color.
a general trait or characteristic of something	give certain properties to something.
position in football played by a team member	(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage.
The act of arranging elements together.	the act of fastening things together.
cause a sharp or stinging pain to	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of dropping something.
incite action, cause an event	serve as the inciting cause of.
come up, as of liquid or gas	come up, as of a liquid.
(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion	adapt to a specified measurement.
anatomical shape of the body of a being, physique	alternative names for the body of a human being.
cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct	lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct.
make up something fictional or untrue	make up something artificial or untrue.
remove to or from a place or situation	break from a meeting or gathering.
the act of lifting something	the act of ending something.
a happening or incident of human significance	a special set of circumstances.
protect with or as if with a shield	protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm.
basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan	the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.
the act of lifting something	the act of cracking something.
(cause to) move gently back and forth	cause to move back and forth.
the state of being in contact	the state of being active.
The act of testing something.	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
Understand the meaning of something.	get the meaning of something.
take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome	take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of applying force to propel something.
change (dramatically) between high and low values	alternate dramatically between high and low values.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of designating or identifying something.
(cause to) be anxious or preoccupied	cause to be balanced or suspended.
design for a specific purpose	plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect.
to combat or oppose someone or something	the act of forcing out someone or something.
(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.	cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.
a mental grasp or understanding of something	understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something.
do something considered below one's diginty	do something that one considers to be below one's dignity.
(game) a division during which one is allowed to play (perhaps as offense).	(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive.
the act of cutting off length, snipping off	the act of clipping or snipping.
a sovereign regime and its assemblage	the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of raising something.
the extreme endpoint of something	the act or means of getting rid of something.
be or have a quality of being	the quality of being significant.
Improve by pruning or polishing	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of applying force to propel something.
register formally as a participant	register formally as a participant or member.
a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm	lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.
The act of beginning something new.	the act of ending something.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of liberating someone or something.
Cut into, possibly creating something new.	a reason for wanting something done.
a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth	a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth.
come up, as of liquid or gas	take up, as of debts or payments.
cause to be immersed in	cause to be hanging or suspended.
the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of changing one thing for another thing.
The act of testing something.	a way or means to achieve something.
the act of validating the authenticity of something	the act of liberating someone or something.
amount of time that something is postponed	time during which some action is awaited.
reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.	reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).
An established or recognized right, formal or informal.	an established or recognized right.
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of forming or establishing something.
the occupants who dwell on a level of a building	the occupants of a floor.
a method for solving a problem	the successful action of solving a problem.
cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick	cover with flakes or as if with flakes.
an observer of a process or activity	a member of a police force.
an address used for postal communication	the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.
Spur on, urge, or deride by cheers and shouts.	spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts.
spare in quality or quantity	limit in quality or quantity.
the act of shoving something away	the act of hiring something or someone.
the apparent condition or state of something	the event consisting of the start of something.
engrave, shape or cut by chipping away at the surface	engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface.
something considered trite but amusing	something recalled to the mind.
the act of lifting something	the act of constructing something.
concrete enactment of an idea or concept	a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept.
raise or haul up as if with a mechanism	affect with or as if with a cramp.
(Cause to) change from a solid to a liquid.	become liquid or fluid when heated.
(The act of making) a measurement of something.	the act of making up your mind about something.
a duplicate of something, serving as a backup	something additional of the same kind.
(The act of making) a measurement of something.	the act of removing or getting rid of something.
react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus	react to a stimulus or command.
club or association of people with a shared interest	a formal association of people with similar interests.
free from obligations, service or confinement	free from obligations or duties.
the degree or amount of something	the act of dropping something.
the act of arriving at a certain place	the act of putting something in a certain place.
medium of exchange minted by a government	the official currency issued by a government or national bank.
advance or set forward in court	advance or set forth in court.
make a written note of something	make a written note of.
the act of explaining or defending something	the allotment of some amount by dividing something.
a citizen of ancient Troy	a native of ancient Troy.
The act of testing something.	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of terminating a life.
The act of moving in a hurried manner.	the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner.
the act of clipping, cutting	the act of describing something.
Physically raise from a lower position.	raise from a lower to a higher position.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of retaining something.
an increase in size as measured per unit of time	the rate of increase in size per unit time.
advance warning or notification of something	the first part or section of something.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of constructing something.
Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.	supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.
smother, surpress or lessen something	the act of testing something.
cause to be immersed in	cause to be interested or curious.
The human act of making something new.	the act of making or enacting laws.
The intended meaning of an instance of communication.	the intended meaning of a communication.
be given to, come into the possession of	come into the possession of.
utter in a certain way	react to in a certain way.
have or be covered with bristles	the state of being covered with unclean things.
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of choosing or selecting.
be located at or on top of something	make a film or photograph of something.
be in or establish communication with	move or establish in a new location.
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
be located at or on top of something	an obligation to pay or do something.
a collection of something, often a large amount	a collection of things sharing a common attribute.
whip with or as if with a whisk	urge with or as if with a goad.
dysfunction or ailment of the heart	a disease of the heart.
decorate a manuscript with red	decorate (manuscripts) with letters painted red.
the act of devoting time and energy to something	the act of liberating someone or something.
verify something by comparing to a standard	check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard.
Part, cease, or break association with (something).	part; cease or break association with.
put heels on a shoe	put a new heel on.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of raising something.
make images or sounds less sharp	make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper.
Expel or eject saliva, sputum, or an object from the mouth.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
measure the depth of a body of water	measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line.
give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of.
a recurrent artistic theme or pattern	a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of looking or seeing or observing.
have a strong desire to do something	have a strong desire or urge to do something.
The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone.	the act of removing or getting rid of something.
person who is a social companion	a friend who is frequently in the company of another.
hold or place in equilibrium	hold or carry in equilibrium.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the management of someone or something.
work as a tinker (fix pots and pans)	work as a tinker or tinkerer.
the act of allowing, bestowing something	the act of forming or establishing something.
the termination, ending of a meeting	the termination of a meeting.
scratch or scrape with claws or nails	attack as if with claws.
a social occasion, often official or formal	a formal or official social gathering or ceremony.
infer or believe to be the case	believe to be the case.
move in such a way as to avoid	make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid.
The state of being absent.	the act of climbing something.
remove by pinching or snipping	sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
(Cause to) become a powder or as dust.	cause to become widely known.
prepare, arrange; create or organize for a particular purpose	any area set aside for a particular purpose.
the act of people having sex	the act of climbing something.
to lecture formally to an audience	accuse formally of a crime.
the act of creating an artistic work	the act of creating written works.
the state of being in contact	the state of being excluded.
collect discarded, refused or damaged material	collect discarded or refused material.
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint	a business firm that publishes newspapers.
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of motivating; providing incentive.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of examining resemblances.
Make marks in the surface of.	make small marks into the surface of.
Make a copy with the intent to deceive.	take up with the tongue.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of clipping or snipping.
spare in quality or quantity	be equal to in quality or ability.
return to in thought or speech	return in thought or speech to something.
The act of testing something.	the act of climbing something.
manner of handling, managing someone or something	the management of someone or something.
the act of selecting or picking something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
LAY OFF--put an end to a state or activity	put an end to a state or an activity.
move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light from a source.	emit a steady even light without flames.
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	the act of starting something.
reach or cause to reach the highest point, best something	an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone.
a type of military aircraft	a unit of military aircraft.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the state of taking in or encircling.
a person who plants or detonates explosives	a person who plants bombs.
make fit for a specific purpose	suit to a special purpose.
strike with horror, surprise, disgust	strike with horror or terror.
have the same value, be or become equivalent to something else	establish something as being earlier relative to something else.
A state of confusion or disorder.	throw into great confusion or disorder.
a public enclosure for animals, as dogs	a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs.
a system by which one currency is exchanged for another, enabling international transactions	the system by which one currency is exchanged for another; enables international transactions to take place.
the natural progression or development of something	the natural process of laying down a deposit of something.
the act of pulling an object	the act of choosing or selecting.
A perceptual distinction based on color or shading.	the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors.
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	the act of retaining something.
Cook in cream or using cream.	add cream to one's coffee, for example.
a negative or undesirable aspect of something	consider as part of something.
gear or develop something to a particular purpose	suit to a special purpose.
identify or pick out someone or something	the act of losing someone or something.
a state of being encircled	the state of being depleted.
read or conform to the metrical pattern of	conform to a metrical pattern.
a major branch of a tree	a small thin branch of a tree.
the act of lifting something	the act of starting something.
(Cause to) become a fluid, as when heated.	make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating.
form schemes in an underhand manner	form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner.
identify or pick out someone or something	the act of forcing out someone or something.
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg	a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed.
Move as if unable to control one's manner or direction of movement.	walk as if unable to control one's movements.
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary	something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary).
make fit for a specific purpose	provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose.
the act of lifting something	the act of winding or twisting.
cause to move, cause to be moved	cause to lean to the side.
an indication of something, evidence	an indication of some hidden activity.
The state of being absent.	the state of being suspected.
(cause to) break up or cease to function	stop functioning or cohering as a unit.
the selection of a lottery winner	the last section of a communication.
being in a protected state or condition	be in some specified state or condition.
the act of escaping, fleeing	the act of escaping physically.
build, make by combining materials or parts	make by combining materials and parts.
Create a coating for something.	give a performance (of something).
Create a coating for something.	the act of projecting out from something.
restrict or limit the range of	limit the range or extent of.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of dropping something.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of perceiving the odor of something.
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of hiring something or someone.
an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position	the justification for some act or belief.
presentation of a musical theme	(music) the presentation of a musical theme.
 cause or permit to fall to the ground	let or cause to fall in drops.
move or sway in a sinuous fashion	to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course.
sell or transport an item or idea abroad	cause to spread in another part of the world.
the act of taking an offer	the act of making a proposal.
a group of people appointed to a committee	a committee appointed to judge a competition.
intuitions, a hunch or feeling	maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings).
situate, position, come to rest	settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground.
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
the act of lifting something	the act of damaging something or someone.
Place limits on; form the boundary of or be contiguous to.	form the boundary of; be contiguous to.
the value of a currency's conversion to another currency	the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another.
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles	the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles.
the act of lifting something	the act of testing something.
the act of escaping, fleeing	the act of retaining something.
people who are impoverished, without basic possessions	two people who are married to each other.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	give certain properties to something.
the act of explaining or defending something	the activity of supplying or providing something.
the act of lifting something	the act of raising something.
confine in or as if in a prison	enclose in or as if in a frame.
Make a copy with the intent to deceive.	make believe with the intent to deceive.
the act of sorting things into categories	the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type.
Fly in or on a glider plane	fly in or as if in a glider plane.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of testing something.
open to members of all races and ethnic groups	open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.
Go after with the intent to follow or catch.	go after with the intent to catch.
the center region of an object	the center of an object.
an approximated amount of something	an appraisal of the value of something.
cover completely; form a cover over; expand over.	form a carpet-like cover (over).
room where work or repairs are done	room where work is done.
the act of shoving something away	the act of testing something.
take possession of by legal authority (for security).	take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority.
hand over or put in	refer for judgment or consideration.
cause to turn from one course or use to another	send from one person or place to another.
the act of pulling a load	the act of dwelling in a place.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of projecting out from something.
The act of talking about the features of something.	the act of projecting out from something.
turn from an upright/normal position	cause to overturn from an upright or normal position.
the act of lifting something	the act of dropping something.
the identification or the realization of something	the end or completion of something.
the act of concealing or disguising	the act of projecting out from something.
A document granting a right or privilege, as to an inventor.	a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention.
the central area of an object	the center of an object.
the act of lifting something	the act of colliding with something.
the act of lifting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of stopping something.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
Have a distinctive or characteristic taste, perceptible by an experiencer.	have a distinctive or characteristic taste.
Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.	be a sign or indication of.
the general impression or appearance of something	the general outward appearance of something.
know, realize, and comprehend the meaning	know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.
Make or create something for a specific function.	make something, usually for a specific function.
get rid of as if with water (metaphorical)	get rid of as if by submerging.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of choosing or selecting.
change or conform to fit new or different conditions	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of troubling or annoying someone.
a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face	a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal.
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for	organize or be responsible for.
strive against another or others to attain a goal	compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others.
The act of testing something.	the act of cracking something.
Gather or remove (from a location) for use.	remove from a position or office.
the act of directing attention, resources to something	the act of colliding with something.
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.	ride on someone's shoulders or back.
the act of combining, blending, integrating	the act of mixing together.
a solid 3D object with rectangular sides	a solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides).
the translation of an opus from one language to another	the act of moving from one place to another.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of admitting someone to enter.
Write differently or alter a piece or writing, perhaps to suit a different purpose.	rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose.
a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience	an entertainer who attracts large audiences.
Dispose of something as useless and old; physically tear apart.	dispose of (something useless or old).
The state of being absent.	the state of being excommunicated.
rise to surface; become visible or known	appear or become visible; make a showing.
overcome with astonishment or disbelief	correct by punishment or discipline.
lessen in force or effect, restrain, weaken	lessen in force or effect.
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of climbing something.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.
a list of items to be consulted and marked off	a list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted.
The act of testing something.	the act of stopping something.
the act of damaging something, causing breakage	the act of damaging something or someone.
put in a particular place or abstract location	put into a certain place or abstract location.
the act of perceiving a scent	the act of perceiving the odor of something.
the act of providing assistance, giving aid	the act of administering medication.
lessen in force, impact, or effect	lessen in force or effect.
cover with wooden boards; secure	get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.).
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of removing or getting rid of something.
a lid or top of a container	covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container).
(cause to) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions.
cause to vibrate in a different pattern	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.
The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of adding one thing to another.
decide upon or fix definitely/specify	decide upon or fix definitely.
provide a seat or base for	provide a feast or banquet for.
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
an observer of a process or activity	a meeting devoted to a particular activity.
make keen; give (new) life or energy to	give new life or energy to.
How about some testimonies from real health experts?	Also, who's to say there aren't testimonies from "real" health experts on there?
"Then the captain was gone.	Then the captain came back.
The problem is simpler than that.	The problem is simple.
NEGATIVE RECONNAISSANCE REQUIREMENTS.	PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
So, I am dropping, for now, asking you the question: " Where ' s the Marx " ?	I am moving on to ask you the question: " Where ' s the beef " ?
go figure You're asking me to prove a negative?	You're asking me to prove a negative?
I am OK with MEDICAL use!	I AM OK WITH MEDICAL USE!!
The prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	The prices of everything you own IE assets have gone down.
War in the middle east.	A WAR in the middle east.
Originally Posted by Vienna How was it authoritarian?	Originally Posted by zaf I give up.
Imagine a place that's % white and % black.	Imagine a place with % men and % women.
There's no chance of a fair trial.	there is no chance at a fair trial.
Nirvana is very different than oblivion.	Nirvana is NOT oblivion.
We in Britain think differently to Americans.	Originally Posted by zaf We in Britain think differently to Americans.
If you answer yes to  and no to  you are probably straight.	If you answer no to  but yes to  then you are probably straight.
The whole earth combined produces enough food for  billion people.	Who does it now only produce enough for  billion?
BTW he had appropriate deferments for the time.	Appropriate deferments for the time, eh?
Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?	**smooches Ran** Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?
but in the news broadcasts i have seen they did call him white.	but it seems it would have less "impact" if they didn't call him white.
According to the girlfriend and Zimmerman, he did.	According to Zimmerman he did.
My parents have told me it is bad for you.	My teachers have told me it is bad for you.
.Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.	Originally Posted by Odins eye .Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.
I oppose the death penalty.	This is why I support the death penalty.
Well, whatever, you are now.	Well, whatever, you're aware of it now.
They produce nothing I can eat, wear, live in.	Think about all the things you can't "eat, wear, or live in".
DICKSHOT Matt Holliday owns.	Matt Holliday owns, y'all.
People exploited the laws.	People bent the laws.
Funny, I thought the same thing about some math.	And here I thought I knew me some math.
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights I use lettuce too.	I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights Hi Wiggies!
I don't prefix or suffix everything with "you hate Jews."	You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews.
I wood have asked her if she is up for a treesome.	I wood have at least asked if a threesome was out of the question.
It still makes no sense.	It's you who makes no sense.
More expensive homes.	More expensive cars.
Martin said, "Why are you following me?"	Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"
ALTHOUGH SATELLITE INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB ARE ONLY T./	SUBJECTIVE DVORAK INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB INCREASED TO  KT.
"Fairies don't exist" - fine.	"Satyrs don't exist" - fine.
You wanna know what I find curious?	That's what I find curious.
When did I compare homo sexuaity with a developmental disorder?	I compared homo phobia with a developmental disorder.
If you asked , conservatives, the numbers will be skewed to the right.	If you asked , progressives, the numbers would be skewed to the left.
You didn't mention PFA before that one post.	I didn't mention restraining order either.
Ramblin' Rose by Nat King Cole We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
from the year prior.	 warmed.C from the year prior.
Still love this show.	Holy poo poo, this show.
their vast properties are protected by the govt.	their great wealth is protected by the govt.
Fundimental difference, please?	Fundamental difference?
How exactly is Germany being 'punished' for the stupidity of WW?	How exactly are they being punished?
Z stalked him down, then shot him.	You claimed Zimmerman " Stalked him down, then shot him ".
I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.	God bless I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.
We never got out of it in the first place!	Where does the money come from in the first place?
Freedom of speech has consequences!	If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free.
My parents have told me it is bad for you.	My teachers have told me it is bad for you.
if you could kill one person to save four, would you?	As to would I kill  person to save , I have no idea.
It's not imposing morals.	It's imposing a law.
It depends how you define extreme.	Depends on how you define "extreme".
At least Mexico had a presence in California.	Mexico has ZERO claim to California.
So YES, we DO read the bible to learn about Christianity.	personally i would read the bible to learn about christianity.
Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
And that's why you're yelling at me and refusing to answer my questions?	Still refusing to answer my questions?
You have too much regulation, not too little.	You have to much intervention in free markets, not too little.
The Human Element You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess?	You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess?
Why was the Book of Thomas left out of the canon?	Why would the addition of more of Jesus words be left out of the canon?
You mean, you believe the word of the Mainstream Media?	You mean, you believe the word of the SpringHallConvert?
We are meant to explore.	We are meant to move.
Israel doesn't give a ****, accept it.	That Israel doesn't giva a **** what anybody else thinks.
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	I Want to Rock and Roll by Kiss We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Slutstamp! A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.	A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.
And yet, the Titanic story is the one that holds up to scrutiny of the evidence.	The new study shows that the Titanic story does not stand up to scrutiny imo.
Can he really make mone from google ad sense.	Who makes money off google ad sense?
They know that the video doesn't show a gas chamber.	The bottom line is that the video clip doesn't show a gas chamber.
Warm , maybe record.	Warmer , almost certainly a record.
"Bright but scatterbrained" becomes "treat with drugs".	"Opinionated and stubborn" becomes treat with drugs".
What is your definition of "life"?	What's your definition of nature?
Could be a lot of things.	Could be a simple mistake.
No extortion, no bribery, no money involved He's asking for money for his vote.	No extortion, no bribery, no money involved Only class E felonies.
Dr. Neander's revised version.	Neander's revised version"?
Should I just tell her how I feel?	Should I just wait it out and see how it goes?
I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .	PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	you have no witnesses for a missile at the pentagon.
"Jane" wants me to ask the helpful party guest to pay for it.	I can't believe she is asking YOU to ask the helpful party guest for money!
any woman that wants birth control can get it.	Any woman that wants and abortion can get one.
Is it legal to grow?	Yes, it's legal to grow.
pressing one does not "do" english.	Pressing one does send a tone.
What's my opinion regarding the series?	What was my opinion of Firefly in the interim?
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Chuck Close We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Does he have supporters?	He definently has supporters.
but okay, ultimate sovereignty?	Thus, ultimate sovereignty.
that is not an answer.	no, it's not an answer.
The Nazis increases the longevity of a handgun permit from  to  years.	The Nazis lowered the minimum age to buy a firearm from  to .
But we can't do it without help.	We can't do it without you."
No healthy person needs gambling.	No healthy person needs sex.
I said it wasn't a person, in the legal sense.	If it isn't a person, then WTF is it?
Do you see Obama calling for regulation reform?	Do you see Obama calling for Cut, Cap and Balance?
"Leprechauns don't exist" - fine.	"Elves don't exist" - fine.
Got some Heine and coors light i started it last night xanis.	i started it last night xanis.
Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA.	Gotta love the EK factoid that "Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA.
"Gorgons don't exist" - fine.	"Satyrs don't exist" - fine.
Best way to get money out is to get rid of lobby, all of it.	Best way to turn it on its head is to get money out.
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights Usually I get pretty decent care.	I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights they are crack ups.
Dutchy Has anyone heard from Dutchy?	@NickFun, Has anyone heard from Dutchy?
Commodity Expanded Value-Form, .	Elementary Commodity-Capital Value-Form .
You are a Christian.	Therefore you are not a Christian.
And the simple fact today?	I repeat: And the simple fact today?
Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !	and morals and honesty have everything to do with it.
"Oh, you're such a good person!	You're such a bad person!"
Fern I think stories like this are stupid.	- wolf I think stories like this are stupid.
CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED DURING THE NEXT  HOURS.	TROPICAL CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED.
Do you not understand what that string of words means?	Do you not understand what the word 'led' implies?
There is no freedom of religion.	There is no freedom of speech.
Originally Posted by SolInvictus The messahe of all the scriptures is oneness.	Originally Posted by SolInvictus Ah.
How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?	How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid?
A man and a woman are different yes.	Men and women are different yes?
Double Jeopardy actually enforces a jury nullification.	As far as legality goes I can use jury nullification.
Facilitator : Show me the smart child.	Facilitator : And why is she the dumb child?
religious fiction Isn't that redundant and repetetive?	Isn't that redundant and repetetive?
Originally Posted by anabelle What's wrong with that?	Originally Posted by Vienna To 'say' what?
Cracklin' Rosie by Neil Diamond We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Some people have complete confidence in the people running these institutions.	Other people have no confidence at all in teh people running these institutions.
loose change started out as a work of fiction.	It finished as a work of fiction.
If it wasn't a life, then it would not be able to be born.	If it wasn't alive, then it would miscarriage on it's own.
GL, Terral That is absolutely amazing.	Hi Ollie: That is absolutely amazing.
lets assume we have % white and % black.	Imagine a place that's % white and % black.
Freedom of speech has consequences!	If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free.
"Fairies don't exist" - fine.	"Leprechauns don't exist" - fine.
If so, state that is why they're not true.	Please, what about them are not true.
-Not- talking about it 'and' -Not- doing anything.	is even worse than talking about it and not doing anything.
"Being against nukes" does not mean "not wanting to use nukes".	"Being against using nukes" means "not wanting to use nukes".
My niece is married to a black man.	My great niece is half black.
The UK population is just over  million.	The Japanese population is nearly  million.
I Shot the Sheriff We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
I hope this is nothing.	I hope everything is ok!
The money I spent adopting Velociraptor.	Those may be my top . The money I spent adopting Velociraptor.
So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?	GL, Terral Hi Corn: So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?
What isn't how what was sold?	It's not how it was sold, gb.
I know I'd hate to be him.	I'd hate to be him too.
there were no weapons.	Of course there were no weapons.
It's so stupid that it just has to be true.	It's amusing to think it even might be true.
Personal responsibility much?	Again, personal responsibility.
Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
I guess I pulled it out of the census's rear end in a top hat.	Does the census have an rear end in a top hat?
How is this slanted against Bush??	Where is the slant against Bush?
If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.	That's simple logic If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.
I've never accused him of over-milligraming, nothing.	I've never accused him of doctoring a baseball.
The bailout was bigger than TARP Bloomberg news.	The bailout was bigger than TARP This title is misleading.
My parents have told me it is bad for you.	officers have told me its bad for you.
His position is that it is the individual's risk to assume.	His position is the way it is currently.
I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .	PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
Read More: You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?	You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?
I have no problem with those that have money!	I have many problems with these men, way to many to state here!
Nixon, Ford and Carter shut down the oilfields?	No has has shut down the oil fields.
i don't want a president who 'cares'.	i don't want a president who is charasmatic.
It doesn't have to be braindead.	I don't have a proposed model.
no missile evidence.	no missile witnesses.
My teachers have told me it is bad for you.	officers have told me its bad for you.
My gosh, I'm the one with the pregnancy ticker.	I have the pregnancy ticker.
Then he is not omnipotent.	Then he is malevolent.
tin foil hat for the dog face, what size do u wear?	tin foil hat for the sarg, what size do u wear?
Like this  year old who was shot dead in a marijuana-related crime.	Or the  year old boy shot dead with automatic weapons by marijuana dealers.
If you leap up to make a hit, you're getting a penalty.	If your stick hits a guy in the face, you're getting a penalty.
ALL of the electrical energy comes from the battery.	ALL of the electrical energy ultimately comes from the alternator.
Do you know how many passengers testified or what they said?	How many passengers said they saw an iceberg?
Imagine a place with % men and % women.	Imagine a place that's % white and % black.
Scenario A assumes that the CO growth rate accelerates by .%/yr.	It assumes that methane growth rate accelerates by .%/yr.
They have actually showed a cooling trend since  due to the recent decline.	get a cooling trend from  because of the recent decline.
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Landon Memory from CATS We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
Out of touch and completely untrustworthy, however, wouldn't.	Out of touch and untrustworthy?
It is mostly just the Dutch.	In fact, it's just the Dutch.
We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?	@Lustig Andrei, We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?
claims about trayvon's character And when did I do that?	slanted blogs And when did I do that?
% How much money does PP take in for abortion services?	How much is spent on abortions services?
Why did that transaction take place.	Did the transaction take place?
There is no more egg cell post-fertilization.	There is no more sperm cell.
Lacey - welcome back!	Anyway, welcome back.
More factchecking: I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet.	I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet.
If you haven't made any claims, then just say so.	I haven't made any claims.
No Thatcherite can ever call themselves a libertarian.	Ergo it offends me when Thatcherites call themselves libertarian.
the problem isn't who has money.	the problem is who doesn't have money.
But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?	I don't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic.
not astros or orioles bad Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me.	Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me.
If so, alot of cops should take presciption drugs.	If so, alot of inventors, writers should take prescription drugs..
Tell us what the charges were.	Yes what are his charges.
Those are partial psychopaths.	Was Ted Bundy a partial psychopath?
those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.	ooo strike TWO those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.
this is NOT a war deployment.	its not an official deployment.
Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data Did gentlemen need chaperones?	Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data
Alright just got in.	not well Alright just got in.
h and i both read the books and thought the movie moved so quickly.	I haven't read the books, but I saw the movie today.
That's not the Moloch scene, though.	This is the Moloch scene.
@Lustig Andrei, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?	@edgarblythe, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?
You need to make up your mind.	You need to polish up on your logic skills.
The one that has  walks home afterwards and goes to sleep.	The one that has three walks home and beats his wife.
- Admin DrPizza and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.	and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.
The argument was "Albert Einstein didn't go to college".	OMG, "Einstein didn't go to college."
Capital gains, top rate:  percent.	Income tax, top rate:  percent.
Bienging is unaccptable.	Being drunk is unacceptable.
He hasn't been funny in years.	He hasn't been funny since Larry Bud Melman was on the show.
If the universe has an explanation of its existence, that explanation is God.	Therefore, the universe has an explanation of its existence.
What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?	------ ----------- What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?
It wouldn't stop joke marriages.	And I don't fight for marriage.
If they were Jews, I would call them Jews.	If they were Catholics, I would call them Catholics.
She was a great lady.	She was a nice lady.
He's not wealthy because he's successful.	Why hate people because they are successful?
Not as irritated as you.	You seem as irritated as Henry.
It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.	Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
You already did that - we have a Muslim in office right now.	-CryptoLutheran No. We have a Christian in office right now.
I said she has not ever had to be a part of any workforce.	Ann Romney has never had to get out and be a part of the workforce.
DreamTech never been ejaculated on as far as I know.	It has never been ejaculated on as far as I know.
I didn't say we had gotten soft since / Rand.	I said YOU had gotten soft.
We all believe that we are getting what we expect.	Most times, % of the time, we are getting what we expect.
Despicable Ben, Stop trying to find excuses for the man.	Ben, Stop trying to find excuses for the man.
Unless it's different in different countries?	So, short form, yes, it probably is different in different countries.
The new study does not support your claim.	The physical evidence does not support your claim.
He said at EVERY level.	But he said EVERY level.
morals do not exist, so technically nothing can be morally wrong.	I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?
I thought that was mostly just the Dutch.	It is mostly just the Dutch.
Toyland by Johnny Mathis We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Let's let this play out in court.	Nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court.
Being in a gang isnt a crime.	Commiting a crime in a gang is a crime.
I'd offer Iran a deal.	Chuck I'd offer Iran a deal.
Yes, they are both different.	Opinions are different.
It's not imposing morals.	It's imposing a law.
Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that?	One word: Zombies Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that?
PURE COMMUNISM: You have two cows.	LIBERTARIAN/ANARCHO-CAPITALISM: You have two cows.
You should put scientists on a pedestal.	Why do people like you put scientist on a pedestal?
What are they trying to hide?	I then asked: What are they trying to hide?
That would make you partially responsible for their death.	That would make you a sort of accessory, I think.
"Would you like to pay for others health care?"	"Would you like to wear your seatbelt?"
They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
I don't see Obama as the lesser of two evils.	I don't see him as evil at all.
Or this one by Jim Croce We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
The point is an unarmed child was murdered.	The point is an unarmed child was murdered who was black.
Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"	Martin said, "Why are you following me?"
Irreligion that does that I have a problem.	Religion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.
If I'm angry, it will show up in one of those scans..	If I'm hyper active, it will show up in one of those scans..
If you want to buy $ billion in XYZ Inc. common stock, who cares?	If you want to buy a house or a SUV, again, who cares?
 billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.
If you answer yes to  and no to  you are probably straight.	If you answer no to  but yes to  then you are probably straight.
Sometimes I fantasize about having power.	Sometimes I, too, fantasise about bending people before my demented will.
My parents have told me it is bad for you.	My Sheriff has told me its bad for you.
Atlas Shrugged It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.	It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.
How would Martin not know that that was not the case?	How would Martin or anyone else know his intentions based on his actions?
Regulation get the government into everything.	"Get the government into everything?"
It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.	Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
Yes, I've assumed that all packaging would be recyclable in my argument.	I've assumed this as well in my argument.
Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.	Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?
It's just a bunch of cells.	I'm "a bunch of cells."
Mann's work was all about math.	Mann's work and the HS was all about Tree rings.
I'm so sorry to hear this Kelly.	I'm so sorry, Kelly.
I don't like flavored beers.	I don't like many flavored drinks.
I hope everything is ok!	I hope your LO is ok.
any woman that wants birth control can get it.	Any woman that wants and abortion can get one.
S As you wish: Do you see Hitler killing Jews?	Do you see Hitler killing Jews?
And I'm your friend Mitt.	Your good friend Mitt.
It means its AN option.	Doesnt mean its a BAD option.
I think you need to reread what I wrote.	You need to reread what I wrote.
lets assume we have % white and % black.	Imagine a place that's % white and % black.
Mom busted in and said, "What's that noise?"	My kids busted in and said 'whats that Dad?'
My best, Kutte My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's.	Jay My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's.
Holder filed a three-page letter.	The Judges orders a three-page letter to be filed.
@Lustig Andrei, Lustig, agreed.	@Lustig Andrei, Thank you, Lustig.
This eclipses the old record of  set in .	This breaks the daily record of  set in .
Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"	Martin said, "Why are you following me?"
I don't know how legitimate this is, but I heard he's kind of suicidal.	So, I don't know how legitimate this is but yeah.
council tax Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?	Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?
Your schtick is getting stale.	Your misogyny is getting messy.
Is that how it works?	Nah, that's not how it works.
Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.	buwhahahaha Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.
wait until they become more consistent and closer together.	wait for the contractions to get stronger and closer together.
Obama is extreme and leftwing.	Obama is part of the extreme leftwing.
@Frank Apisa, What you want to call it is up to you.	@Cyracuz, What you want to call it is up to you.
Jury nullification has NOTHING to do with the Constitutionality of laws.	Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?
What conviction where you talking about before?	What conviction would that be?
So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.	Furthermore I found this: So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.
The government does not determine if you are married or not.	The government doesnt have to declare you married before you can be married.
Democracy is a threat to liberty.	Democracy has nothing to do with liberty.
Hi Pro and Corn: How many threads do you plan on making?	How many threads do you plan on making?
Tell me exactly which system isn't working right now?	So which system isn't working for us?
Oh, and again asserts that marriage is a fundamental human right.	Particularly after stating that marriage is a fundamental human right.
Why are Russians in Damascus?	Russians in Damascus!
Yes, it's about dilution.	Er, that's not how dilution works.
Yeah, I don't think this is that controversial either.	I don't think what she's saying is that controversial.
Operation Chaos is merely people voting.	Chaos is merely people voting.
Originally Posted by JonD Doubtful.	Originally Posted by eleanor.ellis
Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !	and morals and honesty have everything to do with it.
i be having conversations will cornell west My dear brother.	i be having conversations will cornell west What the hell is this?
There is no war in the Middle east.	There is no "WAR" in the middle east.
He had no intention of apprehending him.	- I didnt say he planned on apprehending him.
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
You're "a bunch of cells."	I'm "a bunch of cells."
What is a girl douche?	You are a girl douche.
Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?	No. Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.
It's definitely NOT what it used to be.	voted Voted It's definitely NOT what it used to be.
The onus is on the manufacturer of a product to convince consumers it is safe.	The manufacturer has to convince the government it's safe.
I think you are missing the point with entrepreneurs.	Again I think you are missing the point on the Twain quote.
"Cyclopes don't exist" - fine.	"Goblins don't exist" - fine.
"In  it was a mental illness, now what are they teaching you?"	He stated that it was a mental illness in , how is that bigotry?
Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Play With Fire We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.	And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him.
. Sinful people do not get to heaven.	Or sin is removed upon entry to heaven.
How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?	How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid?
Holly Holy We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Say What You Will We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
What was the "answer" in Chicago?	What will be the response in California?
The entire thing just makes no sense.	See that makes no sense.
Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?	Refresh your memory: Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?
Therefore, the explanation of the existence of the universe is God.	If the universe has an explanation of its existence, that explanation is God.
Genetic predisposition to cancer resistance is superior genetics.	Genetic predisposition to Alzheimer is inferior genetics.
Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
Use of force in defense of person.-A	Use of force by aggressor.
That's what the data available shows.	That's what the historical record shows.
Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
I thought that was mostly just the Dutch.	In fact, it's just the Dutch.
Ive watched kids play.	I like watching kids play.
David @OmSigDAVID, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich.	@sozobe, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich.
They're looking at each other!	Why are they looking at each other like that ?!?!
Are you driving one?	Are you driving a fucking Volt?
Religion that does that I have a problem with.	Irreligion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.
I think he'd be better for American business interests overall.	Would he be better for American society?
not a constitutional issue.	again, this is not a constitutional issue.
YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..	Hi Eots: YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..
"What does pressing the number one do?"	"Pressing the number one does English."
What conviction would that be?	What conviction where you talking about before?
Originally Posted by spikdboy Not wishful thinking, rather realistic.	Originally Posted by objectivism Not wishful thinking, rather realistic.
For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.	The point you quote should say "I never said rehabilitation could never work."
Charlie Rangel Censured Did anyone see the footage of this?	Did anyone see the footage of this?
Red October standing by.	Red Fox standing by.
That's just not how legal briefs are written.	That just isn't how legal reasoning works.
No, none of those factors account for the recent warming.	You don't know if those factors account for the warming, or not.
Stone notified Captain Lord.	He too notified Captain Lord.
The primary focus of Systematic Dialectics is syn chronic, not dia chronic.	Thus, Meta - System - atic Dialectic is Diachronico - Synchronic Dialectic.
Are you driving one?	Are you driving a fucking Volt?
And that is happening in GOP controlled states.	Michigan IS a GOP controlled state.
in  Foxe basin was frozen.	 Foxe was mostly frozen.
@Frank Apisa, Frank, I observe and perceive.	@cicerone imposter, Frank, I observe and perceive.
Government deciding what pregnancies need to be carried to term, that's fine.	Government spying on its own citizens, that's fine.
Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Higher than  per cent but not very high.	Lower than  per cent but not very low.
What isn't how what was sold?	It's not how it was sold, gb.
God definately does not exist.	God probably does not exist.
Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.	buwhahahaha Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.
It is an excellent indicator of climate change.	I think we all agree on the nature of the change.
The great thing about living here is there's space.	The bad thing is there's space.
Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
I don't understand how freedom of speech will be prohibited.	Your freedom of speech will be no more prohibited than it is today.
The question needs to be asked.	It is a question that needs to be answered.
You purport to value life very heavily.	I purport to value human life very highly.
The Infestation posts.	The mosquitoes posts.
i don't want a president who 'cares'.	don't want a president that is compassionate.
do you have anything to make it less compelling or not?	Do you have anything to make it more compelling?
For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.	The point you quote should say "I never said rehabilitation could never work."
Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
peeve So we agree that it came down essentially in freefall?	Do we agree that they came down essentially in freefall?
Pro-life people do not want a woman to be able to choose abortion for herself.	Pro-choice people do not try to force an abortion on anyone.
So answer the question.	Stop avoiding the question.
Haiti is a shithole.	Haiti has been a shithole.
I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters.	I don't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic.
The Face Of The Franchise: The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!	The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!
I agree completely I am hoping he is into a second term of office.	I am hoping he is into a second term of office.
Jake with the assist.	Voracek with the goal.
Is it possible his home was affected and the school was not?	Sure, it is possible his home was affected, but not the school.
The people had awakened.	Because the people had awakened.
Umm the California was a cargo ship I dont care what the article says.	The California was a cargo ship.
Umm, that pretty clearly states, "the statute is presumed constitutional."	And until they decide that, "the statute is presumed constitutional."
Florida The ignorance is yours!	The ignorance is yours!
I'm going to shout for justice for Trayvon.	The people shouting for justice for Trayvon are all hypocrites.
How do you know what's right and wrong?	How do you know which story is the right one?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
And Nugent was a complete fool to say what he said.	Natalie was a complete fool to have insulted their fan base.
It is all Bush's fault.	Obama is Bush's fault.
You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews.	I don't prefix or suffix everything with "you hate Jews."
I missed the point where he said that black people were going to riot.	Never, did I ever, did I say blacks were going to riot.
Yet you didn't have to declare it.	And you didn't have to.
Proverbs  John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.	John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.
James : says faith without works is dead.	Paul did not preach faith without works.
 billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.
and videos Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.	Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.
Originally Posted by Lone Fox You've said that multiple times now.	Originally Posted by Lone Fox And it's not all Iranian related either.
You might not like Obamas views, but he has them.	You might not like the positions he holds, but atleast he has them.
But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?	I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters.
There is simply no winning for Obama among conservatives.	This is rich coming from a conservative.
Satan represents indulgence instead of abstinence!	. Satan represents vengeance instead of turning the other cheek!
Just so long as the tax on that sale is paid.	Just so long as the tax is paid.
fix?: Islam itself is not political.	Islam has always been political.
March  is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.	Originally posted by Vitchilo March  is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.
I hope everything is OK!	I hope everything is okay.
Do you understand why it's absurd to limit the question to US residents?	Do you understand why non-US residents are also relevant to the statistics?
I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.	Respectfully submitted, Steve I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.
depending on which action furthers their loony-tunes agenda of the moment.	depending on which action furthers their lonny-tunes agenda.
Do you further agree that I have made no claim?	So that you will admit and verify that I have made no claim.
Zimmerman says that he was sucker punched by his car.	His "friends" say that he was confronted by his car.
There is no "WAR" in the middle east.	There is no war in the Middle east.
Part of pro-life is the opposition to legalized abortion.	Pro-life also refers to just "opposition to abortion".
Capital gains, top rate:  percent.	 - Income, top rate:  percent.
Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
No, I show you are willfully ignorant.	LOL, you are so ignorant.
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
the problem isn't who has money.	the problem is who doesn't have money.
Sadly Ford did accept taxpayer money.	Ford didn't accept taxpayer money to save the company.
The Muslims would say the same thing about the Qur'an.	The Hindus would say the same thing about the Bhagavad Ghita.
Your confusion doesn't make me a liar.	Then your confusion doesn't make me a liar either.
When Christians are extreme its just simply religion.	When Muslims are extreme it's terrorism.
Some believe the 'right' is most important.	Some believe not slaughtering the unborn is most important.
Evolution is not an opinion, not a belief.	Atomic theory is not an opinion, not a belief.
I am not the one claiming the right to decide over another woman's body.	You want others to decide over a woman body.
Where in the world is Ron Paul?	Where in the world is the MEDIA??
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	you have no remains of an A- at the pentagon.
The point you quote should say "I never said rehabilitation could never work."	For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.
 billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.
my hair is pretty thing tho :/ Quote: Ditto.	my hair is pretty thing tho :/ woops!
It wouldn't stop joke marriages.	And I don't fight for marriage.
You seem to think that poor people are not responsible for their actions.	People are responsible for their actions.
Why did that transaction take place.	Did the transaction take place?
It's about the baggage attached.	It's not the same thing.
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
the problem isn't who has money.	the problem is who doesn't have money.
What makes you think the owl didn't participate?	It doesn't say that it didn't participate.
lol Looking forward to seeing your built-in's!	Look forward to seeing it!
Originally Posted by jacko!	Originally Posted by IZZY!
Thanks Candy for starting the thread.	Candy - Thanks for starting us off today.
Except that it wasn't.	Except that they couldn't.
If I owe you , dollars, I have a problem.	If I owe you a trillion dollars, you have a problem.
If evidence is not provided to support a position; then it should be rejected.	If a position is unverifiable; then it should be rejected.
Everyone else at the current prosperity level of Mexico.	Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.
Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.	And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him.
LOL Don't you have to take a test to drive a vehicle in the US?	Is there a test to own a firearm in the US?
We both thought the movie was good and we didn't find it confusing in any way.	I thought it was good, and I didn't find it confusing.
If God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?	I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?
A law is constitutional if it does not conflict with the Constitution.	To be unconsititutional means to violate the constitution.
Originally Posted by muslim girl ooops sorry!	Originally Posted by muslim girl its not a complete impossibility.
This is not your country.	This is our country.
Originally Posted by zaf I suppose the water in the middle makes a difference.	Originally Posted by zaf in the long term, yes.
Cone threw an  game.	Addie Joss Cone threw an  game.
Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity.	Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity in quoted post.
The jury is not told about juror nullification.	The quote you provide has nothing to do with jury nullification.
runs victim down Got any proof?	paranoid Got any proof?
you don't use the search button much, do you?	you don't use the search button AT ALL, do you?
I don't think Paul has a shot.	Paul doesn't have a shot.
Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
What if they messed up a study?	What if they had a personal bias?
Specifically a Baptist.	Specifically Gnostic.
And a large part of the east coast.	And parts of the west coast.
Why are you talking about women within the Hebrew tribes?	We were talking about women as war bounty were we not?
Last night Japanese forces attacked Hong Kong.	Last night Japanese forces attacked the Philippine Islands.
. What is your definition of "life force"?	What is your definition of "soul"?
That is not direct responsibilty to the constituents.	Aye but they ARE responsible to their constituents.
The ideology was built around violent expansion, so yes - VIOLENT expansion.	The ideology was built around violent expansion and race superiority.
Could this have been an enema?	@ossobuco, Could this have been an enema?
my final word: ignoring has the effect of normalizing.	taking advantage has the effect of reinforcing.
mexico wishes to guarantee citizens' safety. 	mexico wishes to avoid more violence.
spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the osce. 	spain currently holds the osce's presidency.
the treaty was first signed in 1990. 	the cfe treaty was signed in 1990.
gorgich and pashtoon were executed in prison. 	gorgich and pashtoon were executed for trafficking heroin in sistan-baluchestan province.
safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison. 	djamel badaoui was sentenced to five years.
santos stated the radioactive material was the primary basis for generating crude weapons of mass destruction and terrorism. 	uranium is a radioactive material which is the primary basis for generating dirty weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.
fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell was particularly virulent and replicated itself at the rate of 8000 times an hour. 	fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell has a very high capacity to replicate itself and the digital worm named sq hell is slowing down the poste italiane computer network and making some computers inoperable.
ingo kober stated there is larger interest in intellectual property rights now than 20 or 30 years ago. 	ingo kober stated that some nations had stronger intellectual property rights than others.
investigators claim the british company was a cia cover. 	russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover.
russia and nato member countries will hold meetings this fall on the conventional forces in europe treaty (cfe). 	russian parliament voted unanimously to suspend russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe (cfe) treaty.
the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia. 	the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia.
russia would not immediately increase military strength along russian borders. 	russia would not hesitate to increase military strength along russian borders if the need arises.
the center will be operational in august 2008. 	the center will formally open in 2009.
brazilian police surrounding slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers. 	the police officers surrounded the slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers and seize weapons and drugs.
regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations. 	the second proposal was that regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations.
bombing occurred in afghanistan as attacks by anti-government insurgents increase in recent days. 	a bombing occurred in afghanistan but police have not yet stated who is responsible.
georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following russian military strikes against georgia late last week. 	the cyber attacks follow russian military strikes launched against georgia late last week.
switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with iran have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a deal with iran's state gas firm. 	switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with the islamic republic have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a gas deal.
the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe. 	the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990.
the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to help somalia's struggling transitional government stabilize somalia. 	the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to aid the struggling transitional government in stabilizing somalia, particularly after the withdrawal of ethiopian forces.
reports state that the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site. 	u.n. experts have begun analyzing reports that state the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site.
the drug is also known as ice or shabu. 	methamphetamine is also known as ice.
national, regional and international efforts to end the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons. 	the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arms and light weapons.
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups. 	religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
russian officials have called for a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty to discuss ratification of the amended treaty. 	antonov spoke the day before a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty.
russian president putin signs decree suspending russia's application of european arms control treaty. 	president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty.
myanmar was formerly known as burma. 	myanmar was formerly called burma.
alto huallaga is located northeast of the capital lima. 	puerto cabezas is located 557 km northeast of managua, nicaragua.
nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe. 	russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe is a step in the wrong direction.
human rights violations in myanmar include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child soldiers. 	these human rights violations include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child
general nikolai n. urakov stated by telephone that the state scientific center of applied microbiology has quite reliable systems of protection in case of emergency. 	general nikolai n. urakov is the longtime director of the the state scientific center of applied microbiology.
alstom is in competition with japanese and german countries for the contract. 	alstom is competing against japanese company shinkansen and german company ice for the contract.
the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to its tightly controlled military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space. 	the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to the tightly controlled military technically known as a self-defense force.
south korea launches new bullet train reaching 300 kph. 	south korea has had a bullet train system since the 1980s.
russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east. 	russia is a member of the nsg.
anatoly sokolov announced-- soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient. 	soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient.
the deal has been in process for several years. 	the iaea has been investigating iran's nuclear activities for 4 years.
adherence to non-proliferation obligations will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy. 	zhang yan stated that all countries should abide by non-proliferation obligations in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy.
french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai. 	alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai.
no other drug has become as integral in decades. 	the drug has been around in other forms for years.
the international atomic energy agency reached an agreement with iranian officials that stated there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities. 	the accord said that there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities.
beijing police apprehend more than 20 people including 8 foreigners in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 pubs in a popular downtown area. 	beijing police apprehended more than 20 people in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 downtown bars.
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so arguing that moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from georgia and from moldova's separatist region of trans-dniester. 	russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.
there is conflicting opinion as to the extent of damage suffered by the insurgency. 	violence continues despite conflicting opinion on the extent of damage suffered by the rebel groups.
helmand province is the world's largest opium-producing region. 	helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.
police stated tsai wen-huang would be extradited to taiwan. 	police stated that-- chung has been on the run.
2 of the individuals arrested were released. 	2 of the zambians arrested are juveniles.
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa due to the high degree of organized crime and drug trafficking. 	mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking.
berlin will host top-level meetings in october to save key european arms control treaty conventional forces in europe (cfe). 	russia suspended its participation in a key european arms control treaty that governs deployment of troops in europe.
the osce meeting lasted two days. 	the osce meeting was held in madrid.
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990. 	the cfe treaty was established in 1990.
iran insists that the program is aimed solely at peaceful pursuits such as the generation of 	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
china is an important force for safeguarding world peace. 	china is an important force for promoting world development.
north korea denies involvement in any nuclear program in syria. 	north korea denies involvement in any syrian nuclear project.
a spokesman for stockwell day was not immediately available for 	chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment.
kim myong-chol warned that if there was an interdiction of north korean vessels the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington. 	kim myong-chol stated that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington dc.
iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china. 	the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.
john duncan is great britain's ambassador for multilateral arms control and disarmament. 	at un assembly chinese government urges increased efforts toward global arms control and disarmament.
the treaty was amended in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union. 	the treaty was amended in 1999 to reflect changes since the soviet breakup.
kashmir is divided between india and pakistan. 	kashmir is claimed by both india and pakistan.
south korea and israel oppose proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and an arms race. 	china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons.
kadhafi warns that us and britain's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarming. 	western countries' failure to sufficiently compensate libya will deter iran and north korea from disarming.
russia ratified the amended treaty. 	russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004.
a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare and will be prepared to assist nato members with response to any future cyber attacks. 	a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare.
jamaat-i-islami's youth wing staged a separate demonstration in kashmir. 	jamaat-i-islami's youth wing's demonstration was against a us attack on iraq.
iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china. 	the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons. 	china has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil. 	a breakdown of order in china will be worse than in afghanistan or yugoslavia.
north korea has claimed nuclear ambitions and currently north korea is reported to have missiles aimed at japan. 	north korea has boasted of nuclear ambitions and north korea is now reported to have missiles trained on
abuja is the capital of 	tskhinvali is the capital of georgia.
the united states government has accused the iranian government of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program. 	the us and allies have accused iran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear program.
tirana is the capital of 	abuja is the capital of
in an armed clash iranian police kill 4 alleged drug traffickers, arrest 2, and seize nearly 5 metric tons of opium and morphine. 	during armed clashes in southeastern iran police seized nearly 5 metric tons (5.5 tons) of opium and morphine.
iran's nuclear projects are for peaceful purposes. 	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons. 	china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons.
china is north korea's closest ally. 	north korea is a reclusive state.
libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visited london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969. 	shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969.
goff stated that this presents a major threat to global security. 	it presents a major threat to global security.
cambodia and vietnam finalized an agreement to stop asian and european drug traffickers. 	syrian and russian officials signed an agreement of cooperation in combating drug trafficking.
activists have stated that russia is imprisoning people without evidence of illegal activity. 	russia imprisons people without evidence of illegal activity.
restraining extremist groups is becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed. 	bruguiere stated-- restraining extremist groups particularly across europe was becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed.
zabol is a town in southeastern iran. 	khoramabad is a city in western iran.
detainees to be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnapping and the funding of terrorism and include members of the military and police. 	iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism.
existing rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months. 	experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months.
the international atomic energy agency may have been tricked because it was eager for a deal. 	the international atomic energy agency plan draws out negotiations for many months.
myanmar government has stated myanmar will become opium-free by 2014. 	myanmar government stated myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014.
jewish-american group the anti-defamation league (adl) published full-page advertisements in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal. 	the anti-defamation league took out full-page advertisments in swiss and international newspapers earlier in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal.
france provides the rockets, guns and engines. 	britain provides fuel tanks and gearboxes.
capital offenses in saudi arabia include rape, murder, apostasy, armed robbery and drug trafficking. 	capital offences in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.
bae systems is the uk's largest defense company. 	bae systems is the uk's largest military
lavrov has told us secretary of state condoleezza rice that russia remains open to dialogue. 	u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice demanded russia withdraw its forces.
additional individuals and entities are subject to an assets freeze. 	the resolution includes a broadened list of individuals and entities subject to an assets freeze.
withdrawal from the treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders. 	withdrawal from the conventional forces in europe treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders.
fan stated the commission is primarily concerned with the term of future investment in taiwan. 	fan stated the commission will ensure the commitments are upheld once the investments are under way.
government spokesman maseko stated that if administrative papers are in order the government of south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons from being transported through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country. 	spokesman themba maseko stated as long as administrative papers are in order south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons being transported through south african territory to zimbabwe.
president dmitry medvedev's statement was posted on the kremlin website and carried in full by state news agencies. 	the statement was posted on the kremlin web site and carried by state news agencies.
turkmenistan borders afghanistan. 	sistan-baluchestan borders afghanistan and pakistan.
the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society. 	the number of executions increased dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which iranian authorities state is aimed at improving security in society.
syria denies having an undeclared nuclear program. 	syria denies the existence of an undeclared nuclear program.
amnesty international is a rights group based in london. 	the international institute for strategic studies is located in london.
the number 254 was tabulated with an afp count compiled from press and witness reports. 	the number of executions in iran in 2007 was calculated by an afp count compiled from press reports.
the iranian government stated-- the iranian nuclear program remains peaceful. 	the iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful.
shingarev said it is very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel. 	donohue said it is very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotopes without leaving a trail.
paris is the capital of france. 	lima is the capital of
an indian government official spoke on condition of anonymity. 	the official spoke on condition of anonymity.
russia had threatened several times to withdraw from the cfe when it was at odds with the united states over u.s. plans to install a missile defense shield in eastern 	russia has repeatedly threatened withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plans for the extension of the us missile defense shield to eastern europe.
the plan for tunisia is the creation of electronic databases to facilitate tax collection. 	the plan for nigeria and mozambique is the creation an electronic database for real estate.
china has been praised by the international community for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue. 	china has been praised especially by the asia-pacific states for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue.
the russian foreign ministry stated that russia has not suspended dialogue. 	russian officials stated that russia will not reconsider the suspension.
arms smugglers and drug cartels must be eliminated from southeast asia. 	arms smugglers and drug cartels abet terrorists.
the new law attempts to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to help innovation in japans's space industry. 	the purpose of the new law is to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to encourage innovation in japans's space industry.
zhang stated-- china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non-nuclear-weapon states on the basis of non-proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the npt. 	zhang yan stated that china opposes using non-proliferation as a pretext for restricting and depriving non-nuclear-weapon states of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy.
non-proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that the iaea report -- had an unusually strong tenor. 	senior fellow at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that-- the international atomic energy agency plan is superficial.
the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe. 	the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe.
estonian officials stated that some of the cyber attacks that caused estonian government websites to shut down temporarily came from computers in the administration of russia including in the office of president vladimir putin. 	officials in estonia including prime minister andrus ansip have claimed that some of the cyber attacks came from russian government computers including computers in the office of russian president vladimir putin.
britain has struck an agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (about 13.9 billion us dollars). 	the uk agreed to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (approximately 13.9 billion us dollars) to the uk defense company bae systems.
opium is the raw ingredient for heroin. 	the poppies yielded the raw ingredient for heroin.
wi sung-lac refused to give any details about the north korean nuclear reactor project. 	south korea has so far taken a cautious stance on the issue of the north korean nuclear reactor project.
the agreement aimed to establish a wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism. 	in a statement the british ministry of defense stated-- the agreement aims to establish wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism.
many of those executed in iran are hanged in public. 	many of the people executed are hanged in public.
the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms. 	the united states and some european nations believe that iran's nuclear projects are for the purpose of making nuclear weapons.
the cfe is very important for european security. 	the cfe is a cornerstone of european security.
indian troops already fighting rebels in kashmir are now engaged in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crops in the region. 	indian troops already fighting rebels are now also engaged in a massive operation to destroy poppy crops in kashmir.
the matter is delicate. 	the iaea report is restricted.
last week russia announced that it will suspend participation in the cfe. 	nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe.
the u.s., other western nations and nato condemned the violence. 	the u.s., other western nations and nato demanded a cease-fire.
indian nationals constitute the largest number of foreign inmates in nepal prisons. 	drug traffickers from foreign countries constitute the largest percentage of foreign inmates in nepal.
the judicial order accused raghad of funding terrorism. 	the court accused raghad saddam hussein of funding terrorism.
myanmar's military rulers burned approximately 250 million dollars worth of illegal drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking. 	myanmar's military rulers incinerated the drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking.
iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society. 	the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society.
india accuses islamabad of funding and training guerrillas. 	india accuses pakistan of funding and training the cross-border guerrillas.
the ensuing battle and airstrikes killed at least 10 militants. 	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that the task force will facilitate the technological transfer and promote the biofuel production and consumption. 	the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that panama and brazil signed 3 juridical-issue treaties that included an extradition
vietnam has among the world's harshest drug laws. 	vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws.
the indian government has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's enrichment-related, reprocessing or heavy water-related activities. 	india has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's nuclear weapons delivery systems.
the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that foreigners involved in drug trafficking cases in vietnam came mostly from laos, cambodia, australia, china, the united states and taiwan. 	the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that police admitted that drug trafficking into vietnam is increasing but actions to prevent and stop the drug trafficking along the borders remained limited.
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated-- the eu embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar. 	saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated that -- the eu embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar.
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty. 	the united states and other nato members have refused to do ratify the updates cfe.
the cfe limits the use of armed forces and heavy weaponry and prescribes measures aimed at confidence-building, transparency and cooperation between member states. 	the treaty limits deployments of tanks and troops in nato and former easter european warsaw pact countries and establishes confidence-building, transparency and cooperation measures between member
bulgaria is located on the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula. 	drug-trafficking activity is rampant in the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula.
elbaradei stated that this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons. 	this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arms.
the iranian government has dismissed the allegations in the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board as baseless and the intelligence used to support the allegations as fake. 	the international atomic energy agency insists that the iranian government's simple denials of the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board are not good enough to allay western countries suspicions.
the cfe treaty was established in 1990. 	the treat was originally signed in 1990.
the conventional forces in europe treaty is considered a key arms control treaty. 	the conventional forces in europe treaty was a key soviet-era arms control treaty.
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution that toppled the dictatorship of anastasio somoza but imposed a cuban-style leftist regime. 	nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution.
13 kurds from turkey were arrested near paris on suspicion of money-laundering for the kurdistan workers' party (pkk). 	10 kurds are under investigation in france on suspicion of money-laundering for a terrorist organization known as kurdistan workers' party (pkk).
the meetings lasted 2 days. 	the osce meeting lasted two days.
the villagers are inadvertently involving themselves in drug trafficking. 	105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.
the russian government strongly opposes u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismisses u.s. assertions that the interceptors are needed to defend against threats from iran. 	after talks at nato headquarters baluyevsky repeated russia's opposition to u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismissed u.s. assertions that the interceptors were needed to defend against potential threats from iran.
hong kong universities collaborate with universities, businesses and government sectors of mainland china to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research, commercialization, and technology transfer. 	hong kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education, business and government sectors of mainland china to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer.
the chinese government gave active cooperation and assistance to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons inspections. 	the ecuadorian foreign ministry said in a statement that delegates from the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons (opaq) will also take part in the meeting.
the mexican government has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crime within mexico since 2006. 	since 2006 mexico has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crimes.
the statement did not specify the quantity of warheads the missile is capable of carrying. 	the statement did not specify how many warheads the missile can carry.
it is a serious threat to international security. 	it presents a major threat to global security.
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution. 	nicaragua has not reconciled how to approach the anniversary of the sandinista revolution.
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional forces in europe treaty is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty. 	russian president vladimir putin states that the decision is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty.
dutch national research institute tno carried out chemical weapons experiments for the dutch defense ministry during the 1950s. 	a hp/detijd journalist learned about tno's chemical weapons experiments from the defense ministry's archives.
a report issued by security software vendor mcafee inc., said government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a brewing cyber cold war. 	government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a burgeoning cyber cold war.
the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe and was first signed in 1990. 	the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe.
many of the attacks originated abroad. 	estonian officials stated that the attacks originated in russia.
police arrested 2 honduran drug trafficking suspects. 	bulgarian police arrest head of drug trafficking group.
if japan rises to the occasion japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power. 	ozawa said that if japan rises to the occasion then japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power.
egypt and jordan have signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long called for a middle east free of weapons of mass destruction. 	syria has signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and has allowed agency experts to inspect its only known nuclear facility.
russia already participates in the european space agency's 	france is a leader in the european space agency.
myanmar is a military state. 	myanmar has a military junta.
it did not say if the men had been hanged in prison. 	dozens of such criminals have been hanged in public.
amnesty international's report was compiled by european and international non-governmental organizations such as saferworld, which opposes armed violence. 	the amnesty international report was compiled by european and international non-governmental forums.
an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists. 	the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.
the iranian government denied the accusation and insists the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only. 	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
the proliferation security initiative calls for stopping and searching ships suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction. 	members of the proliferation security initiative are considering ways of intercepting ships or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction.
the international community should modernize and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through extensive consultations. 	the third proposal was that countries should advance with the times and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through broad consultation.
amnesty international has published a report stating that an indian project to sell attack helicopters to myanmar threatens a european union arms embargo against myanmar. 	the amnesty international report was titled indian helicopters for myanmar: making a mockery of the eu arms embargo?
naeem m. smuggled 10 kilograms (22 pounds) of heroin. 	the defendants smuggled more than 11 kilograms (24 pounds) of heroin.
29 people were convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china. 	court official tran dao stated the 12 people were among 29 people convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china.
the lawyer of michael karras named s.s. dhillon could not be reached for comment. 	durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not be reached for comment.
the countries oppose the weaponization of space and an arms race in space. 	china stressed that opposition of weaponization and an arms race in outer space.
france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter (alh). 	france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter that india plans to sell to myanmar.
illegal arms trafficking increases in kenya due to easy availability and neighboring conflicts. 	illegal arms trafficking has increased in kenya and raised concern about security.
n.r. mohanty stated that an agreement had been signed between the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force to upgrade india's ageing fleet of mig-27 m aircraft. 	mohanty stated that the upgrade will be done soon as it has almost been finalised by the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force.
elbaradei states that a middle east peace deal can only be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region. 	elbaradei was quoted as saying that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbors must be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region.
drug traffickers face the death penalty under tajik law. 	afghan drug trafficker was caught in tajikistan.
international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog. 	the international atomic energy agency is the u.n.'s nuclear watchdog.
wen states that the main purpose of the germany visit is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges. 	wen stated that the purpose of his visit to germany is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges.
united states officials do not know how far north korea's nuclear weapons program has progressed. 	hill is the head american negotiator on north korea's nuclear weapons program.
7 police officers were killed and 4 officers were wounded. 	during the clash 7 seven police officers were killed and 4 seriously wounded.
defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia will sign the agreement to provide staff and funding for the center. 	defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia signed the agreement.
the bill proposing the new law allowing the use of space programs for defense was already approved by the lower house of japan's government last week. 	the bill for the new law was already approved by the japanese government's lower house last week.
van der merwe sentenced geiges to a total of 13 years imprisonment. 	van der merwe suspended geiges' sentence to 5 years imprisonment.
zahedan is a city in southeastern 	bam is a city in southeastern
president putin stated that russia would take countermeasures. 	putin warned that russia would take retaliatory actions.
china has so far balked against united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships. 	china has stated that the united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships could trigger military clashes.
brazil's strategic affairs minister roberto mangabeira unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry. 	unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry.
the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking. 	some of the accused will also be charged with money laundering, tax evasion and corruption.
variants of the advanced light helicopter (alh) contain rocket launchers from belgium; rockets, guns and engines from france; brake systems from italy; fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain; self-protection equipment from a swedish company and have received crucial design development and engine control manufacturing from german companies. 	the alh's arsenal includes-- rocket launchers from belgium rockets, guns and engines from france brake systems from italy fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain self-protection equipment from a swedish company.
indian defense ministry has increased spending on defense purchases. 	indian defense ministry has increased defense spending for new purchases by 33 percent.
the iaea report is restricted. 	the killers escaped.
the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990. 	the conventional forces in europe treaty was amended in 1999.
sheik doon salad ilmi said civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks happen every day. 	sheik doon salad ilmi stated that civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks are admitted to the hospital nearly every day.
the south african government maintains very good relations with the united states government. 	the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe.
nuclear weapon systems at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapons being used including unintentionally with catastrophic consequences. 	the resolution says that the high level of readiness increases the risk of the use of such weapons and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequences.
blix stated that it is essential to increase efforts to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction. 	blix was visiting new zealand and said that it is essential that greater efforts be made to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction.
helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium. 	the areva group is the world's largest nuclear engineering firm.
the afghanistan-iran border region has been the scene of frequent clashes between police and drug smugglers. 	the area near town of mirjaveh has been the scene of frequent conflicts between iranian police and drug smugglers.
physicist danilov was convicted of selling classified information on space technology to china. 	physicist valentin danilov was found guilty of selling classified information on space technology to china.
myanmar is the world's largest producer of illegal opium but has limited financial and technical resources for ending the drug trade. 	myanmar is the world's largest producer of illicit opium according to the latest u.s. state department anti-narcotics report.
the abductee support group hopes parliament will change the laws soon. 	the abductee support group will use the survey to press parliament to pass new laws.
santos stated colombian police found the evidence in 2 computers discovered with slain rebel leader raul reyes. 	francisco santos stated that colombian police found the evidence on two computers discovered with raul reyes.
do quy doan is a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information. 	grenell is spokesman for the u.s. mission to the united nations.
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that siemens was beginning talks with interested chinese parties about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility. 	a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that gerhard schroeder stated that gerhard schroeder is not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle.
vietnam has among the world's strictest drug laws. 	vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws.
government initiatives to disarm have been ineffective. 	governance institutions have been ineffective for a long time in somalia.
putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty. 	putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.
russia ratified the amended version of the treaty. 	russia ratified the amended treaty.
the osce discussed the possible extension of the osce's mission in kosovo. 	the osce discussed kazakhstan's bid to hold the osce presidency in 2009.
elbaradei is the international atomic energy agency chief. 	mohammed elbarade is the international atomic energy agency's director general.
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is 37 years old. 	the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is reviewed every 5 years.
chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu stated that cyber hacking is a global issue. 	chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang was asked to respond to cheney's speech on china's military development.
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant and is projected to be operational in 7 years. 	the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant also supplied by china and operational since 1999.
cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks. 	nato considers cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks.
if india blames foreign militants it is part of its propaganda to mislead the international community. 	abe urged more assertive foreign policy for japan and the international community.
the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security sciences said in a statement that it was running a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts. 	in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced-- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts.
88 percent of the liberal democratic party supports economic sanctions. 	80 percent of the opposition democratic party supports economic sanctions.
sharia is islamic law. 	iran is an islamic republic .
a number of suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore, and officials stated the militants' network extends into indonesia. 	suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore.
in september 2007 jordan signed an accord with the united states aimed at supporting the peaceful development of the jordan's nascent nuclear program. 	in september 2007 the united states signed an accord with jordan aimed at supporting the peaceful development of jodran's new nuclear program.
according to the statement the rs-24 reinforces the military potential of the strategic forces to overcome anti-missile defense systems. 	according to the statement the prototype rs-24 rocket is unlike the topol-m in that it is equipped with multiple independently targetable warheads to overwhelm defense systems.
naeem m. was hanged in zabol, sistan-baluchestan province. 	zahedan is the capital of sistan-baluchestan province.
iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states. 	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.
it will be hosted by the australian government. 	the u.s. plans have angered the russian government.
the 5 permanent united nations security council members are britain, china, france, russia and the united states. 	p5+1 members are britain, china, france, russia, germany and the united states.
in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit stated that-- raghdad hussein and family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii. 	jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit said in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issued its
a siemens spokesman in germany stated to the agence france-presse that siemens was confident about the outcome of the talks to sell the plutonium-processing facility. 	a siemens spokesman in germany refrained from commenting on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility.
the cyber attack occurred after the french president sarkozy's meeting with the dalai lama angered the chinese government. 	the cyber attack occurred after french president nicolas sarkozy's meeting with exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama.
the south african government imposed a ban that prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance. 	south africa's foreign ministry stated that south africa's foreign military assistance act prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance.
ukraine almost has all of the necessary approvals to join the european space agency's program. 	france is a leader in the european space agency.
the north korean government has warned the south korean government against participating in the proliferation security initiative program. 	the north korean government stated if the south korean government participates in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequences.
china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology. 	lee stated that the coa has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.
iranian parliamentary speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel visited cuba. 	the agreements were signed during iranian majlis (parliament) speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel's visit to cuba.
tibet suspects chinese government of creating the virus to spy on tibetan exiles and the dalai lama. 	tibet suspects chinese government of launching the attack.
chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment. 	godzhayev and godzhayev's lawyers were not immediately available to comment.
the european union and the united states have frozen al-qadi's assets. 	the western governments include the united states and france.
the chinese government has strengthened china's anti-proliferation capacity in recent years. 	the chinese government has strictly censored china's chemical imports and exports according to the law in recent years.
a group representing mainly white south africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe. 	afriforum stated that the group would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe.
putin announced that the cfe treaty does not duly protect russia's security interests. 	the cfe treaty does not duly protect the russian federation's security interests.
ahmad is fighting extradition to the united states and lodged a formal complaint alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated the koran. 	ahmad lodged a formal complaint with the independent police complaints commission alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated ahmad's copy of the islamic holy book the koran by putting the koran on the floor during a search of ahmad's home.
russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia. 	the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended version until russia withdraws troops from former soviet republics moldova and georgia.
the part of the purpose of the united states plan is to increase pressure on north korea. 	the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms.
tskhinvali is the capital of georgia. 	paris is the capital of france.
an indian government official stated that india does not attach much credence to reports by amnesty international. 	one indian government official who studied the blueprints stated the science was old and dated but still functional.
china's cabinet the state council announced that it will amend regulations on "dual-use" nuclear technology to prevent nuclear terrorism. 	amending regulations on dual-use nuclear technology will prevent nuclear terrorism.
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said the shift of the rods was proactive. 	in 2002 japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi attended an summit in north korea with north korean leader kim jong il.
the opposition japanese communist party was against the new law and feared it would lead to a stronger military. 	the opposition japanese communist party was against the bill proposing the new law.
some asean officials stated such standardization would be difficult due to different countries' political systems. 	some officials stated the task would be difficult for asean members because of varied legal and political systems.
iraq has been lobbying for the security council to stop using the country's oil revenue to pay compensation to victims of the 1991 gulf war and the salaries of the united nations monitoring, verification and inspection commission inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food accounts transferred to the government's development fund. 	iraq's new leaders have been lobbying for the united nations security council to stop using the iraq's oil revenue to pay the salaries of the inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food account transferred to the iraqi government.
a key european arms control treaty must be maintained. 	the cfe treaty is a key european arms control treaty.
the golden triangle region was 1 of the world's biggest producers of opium. 	helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.
the united states dismissed the action as nuclear blackmail. 	the united states said it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and has ruled out negotiations.
the meeting was 3 days long. 	the meetings lasted 2 days.
the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will also address crop substitution initiatives for impoverished ethnic minorities who still rely on opium cultivation. 	the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find markets for goods produced under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco-tourism and handicraft manufacturing.
china is a nuclear power and member of the u.n. security council. 	china is a permanent member of the un security
north korean officials are suspected of building nuclear weapons. 	north korea is currently in the process of dismantling its nuclear weapons program.
australian television reporter peter lloyd faces 3 new drug charges in singapore. 	according to court documents -- on 25 july australian television reporter peter lloyd faced 3 new drug charges in singapore.
president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty. 	russian president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty due to circumstances that affect the security of the russian federation and require immediate measure.
the extradition conditions stipulate that the tunisian can only be prosecuted for the single charge of falsifying documents that italian authorities can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute. 	spokesman for the swiss justice ministry folco galli stated that the extradition conditions stipulate that mejri can only be prosecuted on a single charge of falsifying documents for which italian authorities could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute.
the attacks are believed to have come from russian administration ip addresses in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia. 	the attacks occurred after a dispute between the governments of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial.
india and pakistan remain outside the treaty. 	israel remains outside the treaty.
china is a member of the ballistic missile club. 	russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east.
russia may pull out of the treaty if the us and other nato allies refuse to ratify the amended version. 	warned that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.
this is particularly true in the poorest countries. 	this was particularly after ethiopia withdraws its forces.
iran has noticeably increased the number of executions in recent months as officials enforce a campaign aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in 	iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society.
a statement issued by the official spa news agency stated that-- al-dosari was convicted of drug trafficking. 	the rapist was identified as hossein safarlou and had also been convicted of drug trafficking.
both tajikistan and uzbekistan share a border with afghanistan and have experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years. 	neighboring kyrgyzstan has also experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years.
russia said the system is a clear threat to russian security. 	it is a serious threat to international security.
the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering and allegedly used proceeds to fund terrorist groups in chechnya. 	the dans stated the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering.
at the state scientific center of applied microbiology there is every kind of deadly bacteria that was studied for use in the secret biological weapons program of the soviet union. 	the state scientific center of applied microbiology has been working with western scientists to convert the complex into a biomedical manufacturing site.
the international atomic energy agency has no access to people, documents, sites. 	the international atomic energy agency is based in
the book states that the drug conveys a completely positive image. 	the official stated that this was a complete technology transfer.
40 inmates are serving sentences for murder. 	105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.
russia is fulfilling obligations and decreasing forces. 	russia's suspension of obligations under the cfe treaty is temporary.
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated that-- the iaea report is 1 in a series of bad signs. 	executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated the israeli document could affect the debate over india.
the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe. 	the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the u.s. and europe.
korobeynichev's laboratory worked with the u.s. lawrence livermore national laboratory. 	korobeynichev's laboratory worked with other scientific institutes.
lugar and nunn are senators. 	lugar and nunn awarded the prime minister a medal.
officials state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s. action on its plans to deploy missile defense systems in poland and the czech republic. 	russian military officials stated the decision would depend on whether the united states proceeds with its plan to deploy missile defense components in poland and the czech republic.
signing of the agreement is a peripheral issue of the meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 ally countries of nato. 	the agreement was signed during a regular meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 nato allies.
in early may 2002 officials from the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an anti-terrorism agreement to share airline passenger lists and other intelligence. 	in early may 2002 the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an agreement to share terrorism intelligence.
after the first meeting between leaders of the european union and leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro, leaders from the western balkan countries pledge to diminish organized crime and corruption in the balkans to meet requirements of european union membership. 	leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro met for the first time with european union leaders to pursue joining the european union.
the resolution requires all 192 united nations member states to adopt laws to prevent terrorists, black marketeers and other non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons or the materials to make them. 	resolution 1540 requires all countries to adopt laws to prevent non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons, the materials to make them, and the missiles and other systems to deliver them.
the international atomic energy association stated that jordan has agreed to the additional measures. 	international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog.
there is much concern over the drug. 	there is much work to be done.
the amnesty international report suggested that-- belgium begin immediate talks with india to prevent future sales of the alh, components or military technology to myanmar. 	the report urged belgium to begin immediate talks with india in order to prevent future weapons sale to myanmar.
capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, apostasy, blasphemy, serious drug trafficking, repeated sodomy, adultery, prostitution, treason and espionage. 	capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy that has taken steps towards reform. 	saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy and has a consultative council appointed by the government.
the spokesman said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the u.n. kamynin said russia recognizes the participation of libya in the work of the u.n. security council. 	kamynin said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the un.
shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969. 	a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister was announced.
indian and pakistani governments nearly engaged in a fourth conflict in 1999. 	indian and pakistani governments each conducted nuclear tests in may 1998.
iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism. 	iguaran stated that the detainees were also involved in the murders of police members of an anti-kidnapping group.
3 suspected extremists were released on bail. 	1 suspected extremist was provisionally released without bail.
6 czech hospital employees are charged with human organ trafficking. 	the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking.
this further aggravated the situation. 	north korea should not act further to aggravate the situation.
the activity of learning or being trained	the gradual process of acquiring knowledge.
thin metal strips used in typesetting	thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing.
falcon: abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey	abandon the intended prey, turn, and pursue an inferior prey.
the act of designating a role to someone	the act of designating or identifying something.
make pure or free from sin	make pure or free from sin or guilt.
leave undone or leave out	fail to do something; leave something undone.
a social set or clique of friends	an unofficial association of people or groups.
The upper part of a column.	the upper part of a column that supports the entablature.
sink to a lower level; descend	sink to a lower level or form a depression.
create code or computer programs	create code, write a computer program.
release from confinement, obligation, or a burden	grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to.
(Cause to) sully the good name and reputation of.	charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone.
a company that provides public service commodities	a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.
Distribute systematically or strategically; initiate.	to distribute systematically or strategically.
create something in the mind	form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case.
(cause to) become less clear or indistinct	to make less distinct or clear.
exempt or free from a burden, duty, or requirement	free from a burden, evil, or distress.
a straight length of road or racetrack	a straightaway section of a racetrack.
(cause to) emit a brief burst of light	emit a brief burst of light.
stretch to the utmost, causing stress or injury	alter the shape of (something) by stress.
move in a group or flock	move as a crowd or in a group.
a temporary debarment, revoking of a privilege	a temporary debarment (from a privilege or position etc).
An imperfection; the quality of being inadequate or falling short.	the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection.
clear mucus from one's throat	clear mucus or food from one's throat.
preserve, keep in safety, use frugally	keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.
an address used for postal communication	the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.
An organization that sponsors a large public event	any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event.
legally approve or ratify a person for a position	support a person for a position.
Try to cure by special care or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.	try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury.
anything with the form of a thin strip	a long thin implement resembling a length of wood.
the controlling component of a grammatical constituent	(grammar) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent.
reach a destination or goal	reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
Part, cease, or break association with (something).	part; cease or break association with.
a cue given to someone for assistance	a cue given to a performer (usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken).
make more common, uniform or general	draw from specific cases for more general cases.
(cause to) burst or open, usually with a sharp sound	burst open with a sharp, explosive sound.
Make (undue) claims of owning.	make undue claims to having.
the political head of city government	the head of a city government.
to cause to become quiet	become quiet or still; fall silent.
More forward in a leaping or skipping manner.	move forward by leaps and bounds.
give up right or possession to another	give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another.
come as a logical consequence, be inferred	come as a logical consequence; follow logically.
the event of gradually vanishing from view	the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight.
feel anxious, concerned, uneasy, or apprehensive about	be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag	travel along a zigzag path.
create a mess or disorder	make a mess of or create disorder in.
the state of being employed	the state of being employed or having a job.
a sculpture of a human or animal	a sculpture representing a human or animal.
(abstract) characterize, commemorate, make special (or respectful)	be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense.
operating or traveling via a vehicle	travel or be transported in a vehicle.
(cause to) fall or subside to a lower place, level, or value	fall or descend to a lower place or level.
the ability to recall things	the ability to recall past occurrences.
An animate agent utters with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.	utter with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
the noise of something rapping against a surface	the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing).
Ask for and get something for free.	ask for and get free; be a parasite.
a general condition of soundness of a system or machine	the general condition of body and mind.
an area enclosed by walls or buildings	an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings.
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2	raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2.
the act of surrendering an asset	the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc..
protect or speak up against criticism or opposition	protect or fight for as a champion.
A relation of affinity or harmony between people.	a relation of affinity or harmony between people; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other.
save from an experience, action or harm	save or relieve from an experience or action.
go around the rim of	run around the rim of.
take in (mentally or physically)	take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.
separate (as if) by passing through a sieve	separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements.
a cultivated plant that is now growing wild	a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild.
speed up the process of	speed up the progress of; facilitate.
Provide evidence for; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes; embody.	provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes.
a computer program that performs system support	(computer science) a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer.
the length of time of a temporary cessation	a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something.
rhythmical thrusting of the legs in a swim stroke	a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics.
Make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable.	make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate.
confine in or as if in a prison	confine as if in a prison.
make amorous or sexual advances toward	approach with an offer of sexual favors.
Put down by force, intimidation, or authority, as of a person; correct by punishment or discipline.	correct by punishment or discipline.
break up a solid, usually into a solution	cause to go into a solution.
A movement (physical or abstract) back from an impact.	a movement back from an impact.
the act of putting something to use.	the action of putting something into operation.
(cause to) relax, be at ease, assume a friendly manner	disentangle and raise the fibers of.
a physical framework of crossing strips, often wooden	framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal.
an itemized statement of money owed	an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered.
positively-charged center part of an atom	the positively charged dense center of an atom.
An event that causes someone or something to die.	an event that causes someone to die.
indicate a decision or prediction	declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee.
state of being active, bustling about	the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically.
cause to become awake or alert	cause to be alert and energetic.
Look through a book or some other written material (for information).	look through a book or other written material.
the conclusion of a communication	the last section of a communication.
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity	go to see for professional or business reasons.
assembled group of spectators at a performance	a gathering of spectators or listeners at a (usually public) performance.
give interlinear explanations or citations for text	provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase.
Leave to someone after one's death.	leave or give by will after one's death.
cause to vibrate in a different pattern	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.
compel, enforce, or insist on something	compel to behave in a certain way.
draw a cross in the air over something	travel across or pass over.
give away something that is not needed	give up what is not strictly needed.
(Cause to) become less interesting, attractive or vigorous.	become less interesting or attractive.
have a disagreement or quarrel over something	have a disagreement over something.
endure or experience a painful event	undergo (as of injuries and illnesses).
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates	process or manner of functioning or operating.
the event of coming to a stop, ending something	the event of something ending.
return to a prior state	return to an original state.
the United States, especially the North during the Civil War	the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War).
(cause to) become overloaded or overcharged	place too much a load on.
the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of furnishing an equivalent person or thing in the place of another.
imagine; form a mental picture of something	form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract.
indicate a decision or prediction	indicate a decision in regard to.
carry a burden, real or metaphorical	carry a burden, either real or metaphoric.
An official task or undertaking, usually funded	any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted.
the complete haploid sequence of DNA of an organism	the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism; the full DNA sequence of an organism.
stamp or emboss with a block	stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block.
(medicine) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease.	(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease.
a flock of sheep or goats	a group of sheep or goats.
a unit of atmospheric pressure	(meteorology) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter.
a winning shot in tennis against opponent's serve	(tennis) a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving.
a messenger deployed on a mission on behalf of someone else	someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else.
the act of taking an offer	the act of taking something that is offered.
hit or return before it touches the ground	hit before it touches the ground.
a thrusting weapon, as a sword	a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard.
mix or breed things of different varieties or qualities	breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties.
Walk heavily and firmly (like a cat) as when weary or over soft terrain.	walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud.
pay unsolicited sexual attention to	pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to.
Release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition (perhaps in a metaphorical sense)	release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition.
reshow a play or broadcast	rerun a performance of a play, for example.
a figurative position in relation to other positions, as in arguments	a position given by its location to the side of an object.
state of being under control	the state of being controlled or governed.
a vehicle race on public roads	an automobile race run over public roads.
Amount that can be contained	the amount that can be contained.
take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong	institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against.
move into and stay in a particular position	put into a certain place or abstract location.
opening shot in billiards or pool	the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool.
an instrument of torture applied to foot and leg	an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg.
(cause to) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions.
An established or recognized right, formal or informal.	an informal right to something.
fetching something from a source	act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source.
communicate or make known by gestures, action, or signs	communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs.
strike the upper part of a ball giving it forward spin	strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin.
the act of spending, disbursing funds	the act of spending or disbursing money.
recording tracks of music made on some medium	a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation.
an inherent aptitude or talent	an aptitude that may be developed.
Make liberal or more liberal, become more liberal, usually in terms of laws or rules.	make liberal or more liberal, of laws and rules.
free from obligations, service or confinement	free from obligations or duties.
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain	twist suddenly so as to sprain.
a cause or source of duress, worry	difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension.
a state of an authority managing or dominating a circumstance	the activity of managing or exerting control over something.
move (as if) by lowering	come as if by falling.
Process, or refine in a reverberating furnace	treat, process, heat, melt, or refine in a reverberatory furnace.
economic term: raise economic demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices to experience reflation	economics: raise demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices, after a period of deflation.
clean, cleanse, or able to be cleaned	cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water.
Summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic; ask for the aid or protection of.	request earnestly (something from somebody); ask for aid or protection.
the act of throwing a baseball	(baseball) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter.
Break the skin (of a body part) by scraping; impact something else.	break the skin (of a body part) by scraping.
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.	set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
(attempt to) convince to enroll, join or participate	register formally as a participant or member.
give a specific interpretation to	twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.
Organize anew, as after a setback; collect or compose oneself.	organize anew, as after a setback.
to catch in or as if in a trap; immobilize	catch in or as if in a trap.
an exclusive, privileged group of people	an exclusive group of people.
come into conflict, meet in opposition	be incompatible; be or come into conflict.
react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus	react to a stimulus or command.
provide with a soundtrack or voiceover	provide (movies) with a soundtrack of a foreign language.
a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm	lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of.
cause someone's attention, goals, thought to turn in another direction	occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion.
The human act of making something new.	the event that occurred at the beginning of something.
move or gather in a hive	move together in a hive or as if in a hive.
rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle	rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash.
Provide or equip specifically with furniture.	provide or equip with furniture.
Make or create something for a specific function.	make out of components (often in an improvising manner).
lowest employee salary permitted by law	the lowest wage that an employer is allowed to pay; determined by contract or by law.
watery rot on produce caused by fungus	soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi.
room where work or repairs are done	room where work is done.
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
compress out of shape or into small pieces	become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure.
a single tall stone, e.g., obelisk or monument	a single great stone (often in the form of a column or obelisk).
(cause to) gradually become weak	cause to grow thin or weak.
move or execute very quickly or hastily	run or move very quickly or hastily.
Prove or suggest to be false or incorrect.	prove to be false or incorrect.
(cause to) be overlaid with something	provide with a covering or cause to be covered.
carry as a backpack, go backpacking	carry, as on one's back.
(Cause to) separate into constituents, weaken, or destroy specifically by soaking.	separate into constituents by soaking.
GRATE ON: gnaw into emotionally; make resentful or angry.	gnaw into; make resentful or angry.
glare or strike with intensity	glare or strike with great intensity.
rightful portion or stake of something	(law) a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something.
Be shiny; be a physical or metaphorical source of light.	shine brightly, like a star or a light.
the rotating motion of an object	rotary motion of an object around its own axis.
a romantic partner, girlfriend or boyfriend	(slang) a person's girlfriend or boyfriend.
grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws	to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws.
exceed or surpass, go beyond, be greater than something	pass by, over, or under without making contact.
the outermost part of a car or truck wheel	the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached.
turn in to get something in exchange	to turn in (vouchers or coupons) and receive something in exchange.
the act of perceiving a scent	the act of perceiving the odor of something.
relative darkness of a color	relative darkness or lightness of a color.
express or transform in a new form or language	change from one form or medium into another.
freshen, to make fresh; refreshen	become or make oneself fresh again.
a work area for manufacturing or repair work	small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done.
fall between two taxonomic groups	be intermediate between two taxonomic groups.
bubble over with a certain feeling	overflow with a certain feeling.
scoop up, as if with a ladle	scoop up by plunging one's hand or a ladle below the surface.
The action of opposing some other social or military force.	the military action of resisting the enemy's advance.
Incline or bend; changle configuration.	to incline or bend from a vertical position.
(cause to) spray or wet with a spurt of liquid	wet with a spurt of liquid.
To move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away (from something).	to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away.
a specified portion of a whole	one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object.
Join or attach (as if) with glue, possibly to cover the surface of an object.	join or attach with or as if with glue.
move from one location to another	transfer from one place or period to another.
to make a great mental or physical effort	make a great effort at a mental or physical task.
FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line	exhaust by allowing to pull on the line.
completely use up a resource	use up the whole supply of.
secure and protect a lifeform, maintain from injury or harm	maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger.
a local non-residential college offering two years of courses	a nonresidential junior college offering a curriculum fitted to the needs of the community.
Throw a glance at; take a brief look at or examine hastily.	throw a glance at; take a brief look at.
an air force military unit, smaller than a squadron	an air force unit smaller than a squadron.
interfere with someone else's activity	destroy the peace or tranquility of.
assign to or arrange into categories	arrange or order by classes or categories.
be eligible or suitable, meet requirements for/as	prove capable or fit; meet requirements.
Treat a substance with some agent; add an agent to.	treat with an agent; add (an agent) to.
build, make by combining materials or parts	make by combining materials and parts.
make colder, or icy, using ice	cause to become ice or icy.
provide a seat or base for	show to a seat; assign a seat for.
Expose to air as to cool, freshen, or allow to escape.	expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.
the act of perpetrating a crime	the act of committing a crime.
support by placing on or against something solid	support by placing against something solid or rigid.
not succeed in achieving some abstract thing	fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit.
a pointed instrument for writing, stylus	a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving.
partake or provide a banquet	partake in a feast or banquet.
a participant who is a beginner in some activity	any new participant in some activity.
fasten by passing a rope through or around something	fasten by passing through a hole or around something.
line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment	place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight.
the act of enumerating or tallying a total	the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order.
remove substances from a liquid or solution	remove a constituent from a liquid.
study intensively as if preparing for a test	study intensively, as before an exam.
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim	decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.
bribe, make payments to in exchange for benefits	obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.
a detention center for prisoners or drunks	a cell for violent prisoners.
a small gift or souvenir given to guests at a party	souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party.
Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.	run at a moderately swift pace.
Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition	oppose, as in hostility or a competition.
the techniques and principles of artistic composition using paints	creating a picture with paints.
owned territory of a sovereign government	the territory occupied by a nation.
(Cause to) change from a gas to a liquid.	cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid.
an operation that groups items according to specific criteria	an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion.
Force to go away by blinking one eye.	force to go away by blinking.
the tactile (touch) quality something has	the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin.
Manipulate or move something in order to operate.	cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation.
drag loosely along a surface, trail	drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground.
Influence or control skillfully and often deviously.	influence or control shrewdly or deviously.
Cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded.	cause to be perplexed or confounded.
symbolize, serve as an example of	serve as a means of expressing something.
the activity of removing a resource	the act of decreasing something markedly.
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a string	thread on or as if on a string.
changing one thing for another	the act of changing one thing for another thing.
lack of agreement, not harmonious	lack of agreement or harmony.
build, make by combining materials or parts	put together out of artificial or natural components or parts.
the act or capability of seeing	the act of looking or seeing or observing.
an assertion offered as evidence, a line of reasoning	a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true.
stain with a dirty substance	stain with a dirty substance, such as soot.
Appoint, ordain to a clerical post	appoint to a clerical posts.
expect, predict, or forsee something in the future	make a prediction about; tell in advance.
state or explain the meaning	give a definition for the meaning of a word.
immerse briefly into liquid or container	immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate.
A contract granting use or occupation of property under certain terms or conditions.	a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment.
pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway	pass by means through a lock in a waterway.
cause to assume a condition	put into a certain state; cause to be in a certain state.
the inclusion of all members of mathematical sets	a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets.
drench periodically with liquid while cooking	cover with liquid before cooking.
Raise to a higher energy level (as in physics)	raise to a higher energy level.
make certain the failure or destruction of; destine	make certain of the failure or destruction of.
function in a particular manner when moving	have certain properties when driven.
a set of pieces of creative work for showing	a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers.
a person who takes pictures, often a professional	someone who takes photographs professionally.
Come into existence; reveal its presence or make an apprearance.	reveal its presence or make an appearance.
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience	exhibit recognition for (an antigen or a substrate).
perform or supervise a ritual	perform (a church sacrament) ritually.
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.	impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of.
the close approach of one object to another	the motion of one object relative to another.
act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes	act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes.
cost or monetary value of goods or services	the high value or worth of something.
a functioning unit of a larger political organization, a cadre	a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement.
Involve as a necessary accompaniment or result; have as a logical consequence.	impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result.
regard with consideration or respect	regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem.
the act of lifting something	the act of raising something.
Lie at an angle; bend along a path.	to incline or bend from a vertical position.
hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of	prevent the progress or free movement of.
The act of coming to rest after a voyage.	the act of coming down to the earth (or other surface).
Put down by force or authority; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority.	come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority.
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling	remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string.
manage, handle, or control something	direct the course of; manage or control.
physical force that draws objects together	the force by which one object attracts another.
deal with according to routine or procedure	deal with in a routine way.
Enclose in a protective covering.	cover with a protective sheathing.
reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.	reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).
a fixed entrance fee to a club or venue	a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink.
the act of allowing, bestowing something	the act of providing a subsidy.
Draw in and expel air through lungs.	draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs.
starting page of a website	the opening page of a web site.
(Baseball) Tag the base runner to get him out.	tag the base runner to get him out.
(cause to) move abruptly, often making a short, sharp sound	close with a snapping motion.
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement	a party of people assembled for dancing.
a conveyance or transporter, often wheeled	a conveyance that transports people or objects.
365 days from January 1 to December 31, the Gregorian calendar	the year (reckoned from January 1 to December 31) according to Gregorian calendar.
Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.	apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny.
a vote, a public and legal choosing of officials	a vote to select the winner of a position or political office.
approach a certain measurement, whether of age, speed, temperature, etc.	approach a certain age or speed.
to fill with coal or oil	fill (a ship's bunker) with coal or oil.
assign to a particular task	assign to a specific task.
leave isolated with little hope of rescue	leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue.
an organism infected with another parasitic organism or pathogen	an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association.
make coincide in time or operation	make synchronous and adjust in time or manner.
confine in or as if in a prison	lock up or confine, in or as in a jail.
the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth	forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth.
a social system of production, distribution and consumption	the system of production and distribution and consumption.
keep something intact, maintain unchanged condition	keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.
a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition	the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual.
regard something likely or reasonable to happen	regard something as probable or likely.
an increase in size as measured per unit of time	the rate of increase in size per unit time.
have a great affection, liking, or desire for	have a great affection or liking for.
keep something or someone under control; stop something from happening	stop for a moment, as if out of uncertainty or caution.
Find out or determine, perhaps after a calculation or investigation.	find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort.
Something that serves to suggest a certain fact.	something that serves to indicate or suggest.
A fee levied for the use of roads or bridges.	a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges (used for maintenance).
Obtain from a storage device, as of information on a computer.	obtain or retrieve from a storage device; as of information on a computer.
repeat; reestablish or begin again	reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new.
COMPUTERS: obtain data/images from magnetic tapes or with a beam of light	obtain data from magnetic tapes.
Improve or perfect by polishing, pruning, or making more concise.	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.
signify or mean to express or convey	mean or intend to express or convey.
Strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.	strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat.
a self-propelled projectile driven by self-contained propellant	any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine.
Break open or apart suddenly and forcefully; separate or cause to separate; go to pieces.	separate or cause to separate abruptly.
cause to match (ideas or acts); be compatible	cause to match, as of ideas or acts.
(Cause to) be firmly attached or closed.	cause to be firmly attached.
a chart or map showing the dimensions, movements or progress of something	a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object.
Identify, establish location or identity	recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.
put or set into, between or among	put or introduce into something.
a person or thing in the role of being a replacement for something else	a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another.
division of a university that offers degrees beyond bachelor's degree	a school in a university offering study leading to degrees beyond the bachelor's degree.
Subsist on a meager allowance or supply.	subsist on a meager allowance.
provide, raise, or supply funds to	obtain or provide money for.
an official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity	an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest.
The act of creating written works.	the activity of putting something in written form.
take or capture by force or authority	take or capture by force.
Go after with the intent to follow or catch.	go after with the intent to catch.
an official campaign against a perceived societal harm	a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious.
Remove feathers, pits, shells, skin, husks	remove shells or husks from.
aggressive willingness to battle, pugnaciousness	an aggressive willingness to compete.
Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.	pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin.
give a neat appearance to, neaten	give a neat appearance to.
the spatial, geometric contour of an object	the set of elements common to two or more sets.
the physiological activation of an organism or organ	resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.
supporter, advocate of something or someone	the act of hiring something or someone.
make up something fictional or untrue	make up something artificial or untrue.
regulate or set the time of (a clock)	billow up in the form of a cloud.
the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of testing something.
the foremost part of something	the first part or section of something.
the state of being in contact	the state of being active.
measure the time or duration of	make weak by stunting the growth or development of.
Create an electrical short in something.	the act of stopping something.
Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.	pull, or move with a sudden movement.
the concluding section of a communication	the last section of a communication.
final stage of an event or activity	make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity.
the act of governing, administrating	the act of liberating someone or something.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of retaining something.
the state of being retained	the state of being angry.
hold in a given state or situation	create and charge with a task or function.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the management of someone or something.
Soak up (as if) with a sponge.	hurl as if with a sling.
register formally as a participant	register formally as a participant or member.
The act of creating written works.	an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity.
the state of having options, alternatives	the act of admitting someone to enter.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of retaining something.
the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act of concealing or disguising	the state of inactivity following an interruption.
the act of providing help or aid to someone	the act of looking or seeing or observing.
the state of being retained	the trait of being well behaved.
Provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation.	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
act or do something in reaction to something	the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up.
the quality of being useful for something	the act of changing one thing for another thing.
protect with or as if with a shield	separate with or as if with an instrument.
Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
bind somebody or become bound emotionally	be in some specified state or condition.
assimilate into the mind or a situation	lift and reset in another soil or situation.
The human act of making something new.	the speech act of making something evident.
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates	the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing.
location sheltered from the wind	a portion removed from the whole.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of looking or seeing or observing.
Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.	move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion.
the act of intentionally omitting something	have flavor; taste of something.
the noise of something rapping against a surface	the act of applying paint to a surface.
(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.	cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.
incline from a vertical position	to incline or bend from a vertical position.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of passing from one state or place to the next.
make an incision or separation	take measures in preparation for.
an established linear path of travel	an established line of travel or access.
behave in a certain way, usu. joyful	behave in a certain way.
make purer, more intense, as by removal of extraneous elements	make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically.
the spatial, geometric contour of an object	the speech act of objecting.
a physical difficulty or obstacle	get despite difficulties or obstacles.
ABIDE BY: act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes.	act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes.
want, desire or perfer to do something	a disagreement or argument about something important.
look at or observe something or someone	the visual appearance of something or someone.
the nature, makeup or constitution of something	change the nature, purpose, or function of something.
make sense of, give meaning to	make sense of; assign a meaning to.
move, transfer or carry something or someone	a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated.
the state of being retained	the state of being in effect or being operative.
the act of providing help or aid to someone	the act of perceiving the odor of something.
FARM OUT: arrange for contracted work to be done by others.	arranged for contracted work to be done by others.
Fasten (as if) with a rivet or rivets.	create and charge with a task or function.
cause to be immersed in	cause to be firmly attached.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of describing something.
build, make by combining materials or parts	make by combining materials and parts.
(cause to) happen at a later time	where you live at a particular time.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of colliding with something.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of rejecting something.
(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
the act of arriving at a certain place	the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts.
the act of grasping into one's arms	the trait of wasting resources.
a state of being encircled	the state of being excommunicated.
incline from a vertical position	to incline or bend from a vertical position.
(cause to) be overcome with sudden fears	to bring or combine together or with something else.
leave undone or leave out	terminate, end, or take out.
changing one thing for another	the act of changing one thing or position for another.
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
put into or keep in a stall	bring into a different state.
The appropriate or desirable thing.	the upper part of anything.
the act of concealing or disguising	the act of clipping or snipping.
a visual characterization of something	a visual representation of something.
physically grapple with an opponent	an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose.
the scent or odor of something	the act of applying force to propel something.
The human act of making something new.	the act of breaking something.
(cause to) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions.
a state or act of gaining pleasure	the act of spending or disbursing money.
Change the meaning of (someone's) words with intent to deceive.	make a copy of with the intent to deceive.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of testing something.
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
the act of appraising, critiquing something	the act of catching an object with the hands.
(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly	cause to happen or be responsible for.
take action or behave in a certain way	compel to behave in a certain way.
the state of being retained	the state of being active.
An instance or action of being incorrect.	show consideration for; take into account.
the act of expressing approval, support of something	the act of decreasing something markedly.
the act of putting something to use.	the activity of protecting something from loss or danger.
Discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate; be bossy towards someone.	discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate.
sacrifice or toll required to achieve something	an appraisal of the value of something.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of taking of a person by force.
the state of being employed	the state of being excommunicated.
the quality of being useful for something	the quality of not being useful or convenient.
a person who memorizes or learns quickly	a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor.
the state of having one's weight supported	the state of being connected.
the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of raising something.
give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of.
An exciting or stimulating experience.	the act of constructing something.
the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of climbing something.
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of damaging something or someone.
the act of putting something to use.	the act of testing something.
the root or base form of a word	the removal of an opponent's piece from the chess board.
be or come into conflict	originate or come into being.
make or become more acute or intense	make or become more narrow or restricted.
Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.
Literally cause to become unable to see.	bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted.
attract; cause to be enamored by (one's) nature.	matter that has been deposited by some natural process.
visual representation sketched by hand	a visual representation of something.
a person who is a member of the senate	a person who is a member of a partnership.
Cover or back with foil.	communicate or signal with a flag.
The state of being pleased with life.	the state of being joined or united or linked.
look at or observe something or someone	the act of hiring something or someone.
give a neat appearance to, neaten	give a neat appearance to.
an abundance or profusion of something	place under suspicion or cast doubt upon.
request or demand a response from someone; challenge someone	make a request or demand for something to somebody.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of making up your mind about something.
the state of being employed	the state of being depleted.
set forth as an introduction or preface	stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of.
the act of concealing or disguising	the act of providing a subsidy.
The act of beginning something new.	the act of rejecting something.
(cause to) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions.
live in the bushes as a fugitive or guerilla	declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee.
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	the act of damaging something or someone.
Bring, lead, or force to abandon an evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action.	bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one.
(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.	run at a moderately swift pace.
(cause to) meet or intersect	cause to make a snapping sound.
settle or deal with something	put or introduce into something.
cause to turn from one course or use to another	send from one person or place to another.
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something	search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody	a restraint that checks the motion of something.
Follow one's own or another's path	go one's own way; move apart.
the state of being in contact	the state or fact of being an owner.
the act or means of getting rid of something.	the act of removing or getting rid of something.
set forth as an introduction or preface	set or ask for a certain price.
severance from a social connection or tie	free from obligations or duties.
The human act of making something new.	the speech act of making something evident.
the state of being retained	the state of being rejected.
An instance or action of being incorrect.	the space where a division or parting occurs.
DELIVER THE GOODS: attain success, reach a goal	attain success or reach a desired goal.
the act of harming or hurting someone	the act of damaging something or someone.
give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of.
the pulsation of the heart	piece (something old) with a new part.
behave or move in a certain manner	be worthy of or have a certain rating.
move or execute very quickly or hastily	run or move very quickly or hastily.
infer or believe to be the case	believe to be the case.
a border or boundary of an object	plan, organize, and carry out (an event).
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of losing someone or something.
The act of beginning something new.	the act of decreasing something markedly.
administer or bestow, as portions	administer or bestow, as in small portions.
Entreat; ask for some information or action.	the act of passing something to another person.
The act of indicating or pointing out by name.	the act of spending or disbursing money.
The act of beginning something new.	the act of stopping something.
move from one location to another	move from one place to another.
set forth as an introduction or preface	expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.
the action of placing or situating an object	the act of choosing or selecting.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of breaking something.
the state of being retained	the state of being connected.
a consequence, outcome or result of something	have a disagreement over something.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	the act of changing one thing for another thing.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of applying force to propel something.
lessen in force, impact, or effect	lessen in force or effect.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.
a rationale or reason for something	a relation that provides the foundation for something.
request or demand something from someone	the act of damaging something or someone.
register formally as a participant	register formally as a participant or member.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the trait of wasting resources.
defining, distinctive form or shape of something	a prominent attribute or aspect of something.
RUN AGROUND--(cause to) come to the ground	cause to come to the ground.
Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
an aggregation of things or people	the visual appearance of something or someone.
trace the form or outline of	change the arrangement or position of.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
Manipulate or move something in order to operate.	act or move at high speed.
the process of becoming less or smaller	the bodily process of discharging waste matter.
the state of being retained	the state of being actual or real.
Rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave.	rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave.
make a proposal or overtures to with a specific end in view	make a channel for; provide with a channel.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of spending or disbursing money.
combine so as to form a more complex product	combine so as to form a whole; mix.
Understand the meaning of something.	get the meaning of something.
the flavor quality of something	a relatively long narrow piece of something.
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something	observe or plot the moving path of something.
put in a dangerous position	put in a horizontal position.
a store or supply of something	a large or extra supply of something.
Understand the meaning of something.	organize (the production of something) into an industry.
an allotment or percentage of something	an appraisal of the value of something.
the act of concealing or disguising	the act of exploding or bursting.
give a deceptive explanation for; cover up	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.
take legal action against, as in court	tie or fasten into a knot.
The act of searching for or buying goods or services.	the act of branching out or dividing into branches.
bring to a certain pressure	bring to a certain spiritual state.
penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument	penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument.
(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.	cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed.
the way something conforms to a shape	how something is done or how it happens.
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody	a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody.
Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief.	make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief.
an agent or company that insures something	an energetic attempt to achieve something.
the event of proposing or volunteering something	the act of rejecting something.
remove from a place or from office	remove from a contest or race.
(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
free (from restraint), let loose	a loud resonant repeating noise.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of troubling or annoying someone.
remove to or from a place or situation	remove or force out from a position.
The act of beginning something new.	the act of breaking something.
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object	the activity of protecting someone or something.
act of moving or conveying something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the activity of supplying or providing something.
the act of putting something to use.	the act of testing something.
draw a cross in the air over something	get the meaning of something.
the act of forcibly taking the opposition	the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of winding or twisting.
Provoke someone to do something through (often exaggerated or false) promises or persuasion.	provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion.
Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).	the power to use something or someone.
an indication of something, evidence	the disclosure of something secret.
the act of improving something's quality	the act of starting something.
create a new entity by putting components or members together	create by putting components or members together.
small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe	something that floats on the surface of water.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the act of putting something in working order again.
the state of being in contact	the state of being excluded.
Amount that can be contained	the amount that can be contained.
collection of names and addresses to serve as recipients of information content	the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment.
turn, twist or fasten (as if) with a screw	take out or up with or as if with a scoop.
the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of projecting out from something.
become or cause to become obstructed	become or cause to become soft or liquid.
have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something	the enclosing frame around a door or window opening.
the act of forcibly taking the opposition	the act of cracking something.
The human act of making something new.	the act of raising something.
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
(cause to) happen at a later time	cause to skip over a surface.
a small, indefinite portion of something	lumber used in the construction of something.
be given to, come into the possession of	come into the possession of.
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
Make a crushing noise, possibly as the result of pressing or grinding.	have a range; be capable of projecting over a certain distance, as of a gun.
place or lay as if in a pile	enclose in or as if in a frame.
the act of rubbing a surface	the act of applying paint to a surface.
Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.
Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).	the speech act of making something evident.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	the act of referring or consulting.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of starting something.
the act of putting something to use.	the act of putting something somewhere.
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity	get or extort (money or other possessions) from someone.
the context or setting in which something takes place	the act of starting something.
the state of being retained	the act of breaking something.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of.
cause or become accessible state, make or become available	cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to.
remove from a place or from office	remove from memory or existence.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of raising something.
get or find back; recover	get or find back; recover the use of.
regard something likely or reasonable to happen	change toward something smaller or lower.
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.	an advantage to the benefit of someone or something.
carry out or complete an activity	carry out or perform an action.
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.	droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness.
cause to turn from one course or use to another	cause (a liquid) to leach or percolate.
(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly	cause to appear in a new form.
the act of harming or hurting someone	the act of drawing or hauling something.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of constructing something.
the act of preserving or protecting something	draw up an outline or sketch for something.
(cause to) come apart, separate, or split	cause to be agitated, excited, or roused.
remove from a place or from office	remove from a contest or race.
give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of.
the act of flipping an object into the air	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of choosing or selecting.
the act of protesting, dissenting	the act of breaking something.
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else	the activity of protecting someone or something.
make an image or sound clearer; put into focus	make a mess of or create disorder in.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of catching an object with the hands.
the act of appraising, critiquing something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.	run at a moderately swift pace.
pass time in a particular place or way	assign a new time and place for an event.
(Cause to) be covered with something.	give someone credit for something.
(The act of making) a measurement of something.	the state of being unsure of something.
write all the required information	write all the required information onto a form.
abrupt state of disbelief about something	the act of choosing or selecting.
the act of concealing or disguising	the act of forming or establishing something.
the cause or instigation of something	the end or completion of something.
Lose clarity or turn aside, especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument.	lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing, thinking, or speaking.
a context or situation that hinders or impedes	a negative aspect of something that is generally positive.
Create an electrical short in something.	have an argument about something.
Have a complexion with a strong bright color; reflect emotion via one's complexion.	have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink.
ascribe or place in association with	be or act in association with.
A plant structure near the top of the plant.	a strong current of air.
the act of rubbing a surface	the act of giving temporary assistance.
the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of starting something.
Amount that can be contained	the amount that can be contained.
rounded end of a bone	put in the mind of someone.
the action of placing or situating an object	the condition of living or the state of being alive.
the act of harming or hurting someone	the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding.
administer or bestow, as portions	administer or bestow, as in small portions.
the assertion of a proposition offered as true	the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with.
the act of entering a structure	the state of being actual or real.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of ending something.
An area that is central within some larger region.	an area that is approximately central within some larger region.
reduce the price of something	the rate of some repeating event.
An instance or action of being incorrect.	the status or fact of being elected.
the state of being in working order	the state of being actual or real.
the state of being retained	the state of being connected.
the action of placing or situating an object	a formation of people or things one beside another.
the act of conscripting soldiers for an army	the act of competing as for profit or a prize.
the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of stopping something.
the state of being employed	the state of being excluded.
have in mind as a plan or purpose	wipe with a sponge, so as to clean or moisten.
the act of protesting, dissenting	the act of hitting vigorously.
class of students taught together	a body of students who are taught together.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of.
Put in motion or move to act; make active or more active.	something serving as a cover or protection.
the act of cutting off length, snipping off	the act of making or enacting laws.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of climbing something.
(cause to) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions.
cover with a primer base	move with a thrashing motion.
the state of having options, alternatives	the act of coming to land after a voyage.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of perceiving the odor of something.
behave or move in a certain manner	behave in a certain manner.
the essence or gist of something	the disadvantage that results from losing something.
prepare for/put to action or use	make ready for action or use.
cause to be immersed in	cause to be interested or curious.
a type of military aircraft	a unit of military aircraft.
pass into by penetrating or permeating	the act of breaking something.
a boundary area or edge of something	a concentrated example of something.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of designating or identifying something.
The act of beginning something new.	the act of ending something.
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object	the date on which an obligation must be repaid.
unite; merge with something already in existence	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of removing or getting rid of something.
the state of being retained	the state of being suspected.
the act of governing, administrating	the rate of moving (especially walking or running).
the quality of being useful for something	the act of making up your mind about something.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of raising something.
be in direct physical contact with	be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
the place within which an authority has power	the act of adding one thing to another.
the foremost part of something	the greatest possible degree of something.
mark or cover with or as if with dots	cover with or as if with a cloak.
the act of putting something to use.	the act of starting something.
Vomit, either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion.	something copied or derived from an original.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the general outward appearance of something.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of raising something.
(cause to) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions.
the act of putting something to use.	the path followed by an object moving through space.
a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something	a relation that provides the foundation for something.
the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of contacting one thing with another.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act of concealing or disguising	the state of being excluded.
the act of applying paint to a surface	the act of flipping a coin.
behave or move in a certain manner	behave in a certain way.
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
the act of concealing or disguising	the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged.
Put on cream, as on one's face or body.	carry, as on one's back.
supporter, advocate of something or someone	the visual appearance of something or someone.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of.
Wear or display, as in a facet of something or an article of clothing.	a consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances.
move into and stay in a particular position	concentrate on a particular place or spot.
(cause to) move back and forth or side to side	move back and forth or sideways.
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.
state of being unclothed, naked	the act of climbing something.
the noise of something rapping against a surface	the event of something burning (often destructive).
the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of retaining something.
Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.	supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.
snatching or capturing a freely moving object	searching for or buying goods or services.
(Cause to) become widely distributed.	become or cause to become obstructed.
The human act of making something new.	the speech act of making something evident.
trace the form or outline of	show the form or outline of.
Hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove.	move through with or as if with a rake.
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	the act of explaining; making something plain or intelligible.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of forming or establishing something.
Complain; talk in a tearful manner.	talk in a tearful manner.
exist in a certain manner, mode, or style	the last or lowest in an ordering or series.
the act of harming or hurting someone	the act of choosing or selecting.
glean or gather natural products	gather, as of natural products.
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
Saturate or inocculate with a substance.	make a mark or lines on a surface.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of adding one thing to another.
make tracks on a surface	make a mark or lines on a surface.
the act of putting something to use.	the act of hiring something or someone.
the identification or the realization of something	the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something.
to make ready, fit out	make ready for action or use.
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of adding one thing to another.
Cause to move forward with force.	vary or move from a fixed point or course.
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates	the amount by which something decreases.
injure by turning or rotating	move by turning over or rotating.
the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
cause to be in a state or location	put into a certain place or abstract location.
protect with or as if with a shield	maintain with or as if with a bet.
The human act of making something new.	the act of raising something.
the concluding section of a communication	the last section of a communication.
the crown of a flowering plant	the reduction of something's value or worth.
want, desire or perfer to do something	prefer or wish to do something.
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else	the act of liberating someone or something.
Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.	supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.
the act of combining, blending, integrating	(theology) God's act of bringing the universe into existence.
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else	the act of damaging something or someone.
the act of harming or hurting someone	the act of damaging something or someone.
put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
Global online #education is a key to democratizing access to learning and overcoming societal ills such as poverty -	Op-Ed Columnist: Revolution Hits the Universities
Hollywood Accepts Chinese Censorship (Will Movies Get Any Better?)	In Hollywood Movies for China, Bureaucrats Want a Say
#Bloomberg: Assault weapon ban tough sell  Pub. enemies 1 and 2 according to minor mayor: Big Gulps and #guns. #ocra	Bloomberg: Assault weapons ban is tough sell
Car bomb detonates outside #Afghan intelligence agency; casualty toll unclear.	Powerful Car Bomb Explodes Outside Afghan Intelligence Agency
What's in Feinstein's gun bill -   #tgdn #pjnet	What's in Feinstein's bill?
Linda Greenhouse: Roe v. Wade was abt drs facing prosecution for acting in what they saw as patients' best interests	Opinionator: Misconceptions About Roe v. Wade
Special measures for Beijing polution:	Smog cloud blankets Beijing
SYNTHAX_tERROR 2: : "American Taliban" John Walker Lindh wins case over Muslim group prayer in prison	'American Taliban' wins right to group prayer
The questions Oprah should've asked Lance Amstrong	Hard Questions for Lance Armstrong
Cc  ": At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Not a tear here: Red Brigades jagoff dies, year older than me, fuck him:	Prospero Gallinari, a Terrorist, Is Dead at 62
so many places to go...	The 46 Places to Go in 2013
As #California Bounces Back, Governor Calls For Lofty Goals	With California Rebounding, Governor Pushes Big Projects
NYTimes: #Leishmaniasis: A #Genetic Link Found in Far-Flung Victims of a Lethal Form of a Parasitic Disease	Global Update: A Genetic Link Found for Victims of Lethal Form of Leishmaniasis
Jesus... At least 245 dead as fire sweeps through nightclub in Brazil.	Scores Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil
So the company mad, isn't this what most companies are doing?	U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos
Taking Aim  #Stopgunviolence #Congress #NRA	Obama, Gun Policy and the N.R.A.
#NRA releases target shooting app, hmm wait a sec..	NRA draws heat for shooting game
Broken limbs, torn lives in northern #Mali #Africa #conflict #humanrights	Broken limbs, torn lives in Mali
slams guest over AR-15s	Piers, guest clash over AR-15s
A truckload of flaming brown cheese closed a road tunnel in Arctic Norway for the last six days.	World Briefing | Europe: Norway: Cheese Fire Shuts Tunnel
Sex abuse common, but so is our inability to face road range of behaviors common to humans A Pedophile in Plain Sight	Opinion: At Poly Prep, a Pedophile in Plain Sight
Death toll climbs to 220 in #Brazil nightclub fire, official says.	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
(I love him!!!!) 10 reasons we can't get enough Gosling -	Why we can't get enough Gosling (Duh!)
U.S. withdrawal is 'tough love' for Afghans	U.S. 'tough love' for Afghan troops
NYTimes: Andrew Revkin on next steps for China in cleaning up pollution.	Charting a Post-Pollution Path for Cities - From London, 1952, through Beijing, 2013
Justice Clarence Thomas Breaks His SilenceTELL THE JUSTICE THAT COURTESY WILL NOT PROTECT CITIZENS RIGHTS.GET WITH IT!	Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court
NATO: Missile battery opens on Syrian border  this could set forth an unwanted chain of events here.	NATO: Patriot missile battery operational on Syrian border
What's wrong with the Boeing Dreamliner? ". Airlines must be SO happy!	What's wrong with the Dreamliner?
Hopefully not together ": Richard Pryor & Dick Cheney Focus of Showtime Documentaries "	Richard Pryor and Dick Cheney Focus of Showtime Documentaries
We will pass a milestone this year: the majority of the fish we eat will be farm-raised rather than wild	A Milestone Looms for Farm-Raised Fish
Design, design, design. ?We?re on the tail end of technology being special,? says John Maeda.	Disruptions: Disruptions: Design Is Driving Technology Forward
Interesting article on the CNN homepage. "Mickleson has a point on taxes."	Mickelson has a point on taxes
Pictures of the Day: Pakistan, Syria, Indonesia, Germany, Phillipines and Mali.	Pictures of the Day: Pakistan and Elsewhere
How #Vine video may change Twitter #in	6 ways Vine's six seconds may change Twitter
+1 MT ? "I loathe writing with..a kind of phobia.. only a sort of perverse masochism keeps me at it" Styron	?Selected Letters of William Styron?
SPORT: MT  Lance Armstrong confesses to doping. Next step? Testifying against the higher-ups in cycling.	Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials
Bloomberg chips in a billion	Bloomberg gives $1.1B to university
U.S. government-supported rescue mission of French hostage in Somalia failed.	U.S. supported France's failed hostage rescue in Somalia
NYTimes: Is Delhi So Different From Steubenville, USA?	Op-Ed Columnist: Is Delhi So Different From Steubenville?
Cardinal Mahony, abuser of liturgies and shielder of child abusers. So sad and frustrating.	Mahony Shielded Abusive Priests, Documents Show
"Tennis: Djokovic claims Aussie triumph  ZmerchNews dot Com"	Djokovic: 3 Aussie wins in a row
Man Crapping Killed in Fall Between Subway Cars	Train Kills Man in 125th Street Subway Station
#US details help in failed #hostage rescue. #Somalia #France	U.S. supported France's failed hostage rescue in Somalia
Microsoft's Windows 8 sales are OK, not great  CNNMoney	Microsoft's Windows 8 sales are big -- just not big enough
Internet Activist #AaronSwartz,Creator of #RSS, Is Dead at 26- Suicide. Was the pressure of pending lawsuits too much?	Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist, Dies at 26
The truth about publicity...  Bad publicity does exist. #pr #media	Maybe There Is Such a Thing as Bad Publicity
#Revolution Hits the #Universities by   #distance #education #sustainability	Op-Ed Columnist: Revolution Hits the Universities
VICKI HUDDLESTON : Why We Must Help #Save #Mali	Op-Ed Contributor: Why We Must Help Save Mali
This is a weird article. "Ray Kurzweil Says We’re Going to Live Forever"	Talk: Ray Kurzweil Says We?re Going to Live Forever
Daannngg! ?: Lance Armstrong tells Oprah he couldn?t have won 7 Tour de France titles without doping ?	Armstrong stripped of Olympic medal
Apple makes a $13.1 billion profit, sells 28% more iPhones and 48% more iPads. Stock dips 11%	Apple?s Profits Are Flat, and Stock Drops
When does life begin? Catholic hospital argues that an embryo is not a person.	Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person
Two years after the Egyptian Revolution... U.S gets it wrong on Egypt again -	Opinion: U.S gets it wrong on Egypt, again
After Armstrong Admits Doping 2 Oprah years 2 late, he now says He Will Testify Against alleged Doping Officials	Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials
Wait, bribing kids is bad? #notmomoftheyearafterall	This Life: Modifying a Child?s Behavior Without Resorting to Bribes ? This Life
#Disney 's new #videogame , via NYTimes: Video Game Combines the Worlds of Disney	Media Decoder Blog: New Video Game Features Disney and Pixar Mash-Ups
In the Gowanus Canal, a dolphin	Dolphin Swimming in Gowanus Canal
Senator Schumer Says He?s Satisfied With Chuck Hagel on the Mideast. His endorsement should settle that issue.	Schumer Says He?s Satisfied With Hagel on Mideast
Producer of popular gun-related videos shot. Every gun death is a tragedy.	Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot
interesting and sensible	Opinionator: Back When I Was Packing
Sign of inaccessible, culturally incompetent mainstream care? As ?Bodega Clinicas? Fill Void, Health Officials Are Torn	?Bodega Clinicas? Draw Interest of Health Officials
Rome's colorful Colosseum	Rome's Colosseum gives up secrets
": Samsung profit at record $6.6 billion "	Samsung profit soars to $6.6B record
Spanish police seize items intended for Iran. Qu? mal rollo...	Spanish police say seized items intended for Iran nuclear program
This is a pretty amazing read. #howstuffworks NYTimes: Coins, Bills and the National Debt	Economix Blog: Bruce Bartlett: Accounting for a $1 Trillion Platinum Coin
Fitness Center in a #Hotel Room	Urban Athlete: A Hotel Room Workout From Nicole Glor
I'm surprised by the lack of coverage of the N Ireland riots.	Police deploy water cannon at Northern Ireland riot
Saudis defend #SriLankan maid's #execution	Saudis defend maid's beheading
The worst kind of poor flying judgement. Stunt plane barely missing two people prompts FAA probe.	Video of stunt plane barely missing two people prompts FAA probe
on Hillary Clinton's FP approach	IHT Rendezvous: The Clinton Doctrine of American Foreign Policy
An Insider Returns to Politics in Italy #memofromrome #politics	Berlusconi Stirs Up Elections in Italy
Sign of the #apocalypse: Voice of Charlie Brown arrested, charged. ?	Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged
A really nicely written story: In the Subways, a Voice to Stir the Soul	In the Subways, Geechee Dan?s Voice Stirs the Soul
CES keynote: Young people today are 'born #mobile'  #hitech	CES: Young people are 'born mobile'
What prevents people from being able to die at home is not their medical needs, but the needs of their #caregiver #hpm	The New Old Age Blog: What You Need to Bring Your Loved One Home to Die
U.S. Warplanes Enter Somalia Airspace MR. POTUS; WRITE ANOTHER LETTER&TELL FRENCH WE'RE NOT IN THE MOOD FOR THEIR MESS.	U.S. Warplanes Enter Somali Airspace
Climate Change at CNN: Next step: Obama's State of the Union speech on February 12....	Climate change activists to Obama: Steer clear of Congress
RSS and Reddit co-developper Aaron Swartz commits suicide	Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide
Charlie Brown voice actor charged	Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged
NJFF is showing this film on Jan 26 at Rutgers University:	Our Generation: ?Set for Life? Documents Crisis Among Baby Boomers
Dreamliner having fitful rollout. How tough is this for Boeing?	Deepening Crisis for the Dreamliner
What We Don’t Know Is Killing Us  The gun industry can't handle the truth.	Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us
India Ink: Woman Raped by Seven Men in Punjab, Police Say: Police said Sunday that a 29-year-old woman had been ...	India Ink: Woman Raped by Seven Men in Punjab, India, Police Say
#Photos: #KimJongUn and his army forces	Photos: Kim Jong Un and his military
Indonesian official: Rape victims enjoy it Oh hell no they don't	Would-be judge suggests women enjoy rape
So wait, you think I want to search #Facebook, and use Bing as the back up?  ha.	Bits Blog: Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool
ICYMI, Facebook unveiled a new search tool today: "Graph Searchl"	Bits Blog: Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool
"humanitarian emergency."declared by Aid groups in Syria "	'Humanitarian emergency' in Syria
President ? If she wants it	President Hillary Clinton? If she wants it
They deserve such unkind words.	Kenyan rangers hunt poachers who killed 11 elephants for ivory
A great piece in the NYT mag on story, lit, and media.	Riff: Once Upon a Time, There Was a Person Who Said, ?Once Upon a Time?
Review: Facebook's Graph Search not v. useful - CNN  "only two of my 526 friends like cats"...say no more	Review: Facebook's Graph Search is not very useful
Ukraine signs shale gas drilling deal with #Shell at #Davos #energy #marketentry	Ukraine Signs Drilling Deal With Shell for Shale Gas
By the numbers: Women in the U.S. military nah not good idea	By numbers: Women in U.S. military
Try something new on your next vacation.	Exotic culinary tours around the world
": Britney Spears calls off engagement " loool CNN reports this? Where is this world going?	Britney Spears, Jason Trawick call off engagement
Pooping Man Killed in Fall Between Subway Cars	Train Kills Man in 125th Street Subway Station
Thank goodness. ?: Man charged with murder in Philadelphia doctor's death. ?	Man charged with murder in doctor's death, source says
Teen murdered in West Bank by Israeli military occupation force , activists say -	Teen shot in West Bank by Israeli military, activists say
live to eat or eat to live? I take the former.	Big City: New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food
Boosting Your #Flu Shot Response With #Exercise	Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency
Smartphones are lifes remote control -	Smartphones Can Now Run Consumers? Lives
Er diab... ": At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
2013 Oscar nominations: Who got	2013 Oscar nods: Who got snubbed?
NYT reports on my intvu with Ehud Barak, links to Daily Beast  #wef #israel #iran #nukes #war	Defense Official Hints That Israel Is Stepping Back From Plans to Unilaterally Attack Iran
Convicted in Thailand of *implying* an insult to the king. ?There was no mention of the king?s name in the speech.?	In Thailand, a Broader Definition of Insulting Royalty
"Escape from La Crosse" The Preppers Next Door	The Doomsday Preppers of New York
Can Oprah save Lance Armstrong?  She's not convinced  #Doprah	Can even Oprah save Lance Armstrong?
Notre Dame linebacker victim of a Catfish type hoax?	Notre Dame linebacker says he is victim of hoax
Morning athletic inspiration (let everyone compete!): Forging Path to Starting Line for Younger Disabled Athletes  #NYT	Disabled Athletes Suit Up, Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness
Michael R. Bloomberg credits #JohnsHopkinsUniversity for turning him into a leader	At $1.1 Billion, Bloomberg Is Top University Donor in U.S.
This is ludicrous. Sheriff: I won't enforce Obama's gun laws. Really?	Sheriff won't enforce 'unconstitutional' gun laws
Man outsources own job to China	U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos
Morsi?s Slurs Against Jews in 2010 Uncovered	Morsi?s Slurs Against Jews Stir Concern
thins just don't add up just when North Korea successfully lunched a rocket now America allows this. Or am I...	How America's top general came to endorse women in combat
you are an #inspiration!  #Keepfighting	The front lines in fight for women
Study: College-educated weathered downturn best:	Study Shows College Degree?s Value During Economic Downturn
sadness.": Dolphin stuck in polluted NYC canal dies. ”	Dolphin stuck in New York canal dies
"Errors may have exposed veterans to viruses" Uh oh...	Insulin injection errors may have exposed veterans to viruses
Today I learned "Currently, there is no federal law that defines gun trafficking as a crime." I am at a loss for words.	Senator Unveils Bill to Limit Semiautomatic Arms
President Obama turning to Ex-Prosecutor Mary Jo White to Be Securities and Exchange Commission (S.E.C.) Boss	Mary Jo White to Be Named New S.E.C. Boss
Wow. A brief but eye-opening piece in the : A Pedophile in Plain Sight	Opinion: At Poly Prep, a Pedophile in Plain Sight
Good read...Why the Net grieves Aaron Swartz -	Why world grieves Aaron Swartz
Finally Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials
Great informative article that shows PepsiCo's cooperation with resolving this health issue and placing consumers first	Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula
How the US has changed in my lifetime:	From Reagan to Obama, how we have changed as a nation
The New York Times: Chinese Firm Buys U.S. Solar Start-Up	Chinese Firm Buys an American Solar Technology Start-Up
In France, Protesters rally against allowing same-sex marriage	French rally: No to same-sex marriage
FOLLOW THE DINERO: Cuomo Raises $22.5 Million for Re-election Bid	Cuomo Raises Nearly $22.5 Million for Re-election Campaign
China is investing in #education -  #highered #edpolicy	Next Made-in-China Boom: College Graduates
Can Livestrong survive Lance Armstrong doping admission ?	Livestrong has life after Lance
Build a fence around your good health! Your top flu questions answered.	Your top 10 flu questions answered
Johnson & Johnson Aware of 40% Failure in Hip Implant  #hipimplant	Maker Aware of 40% Failure in Hip Implant
'Is there a worse way to live?'  (cc: ) #JIDF	'Is there a worse way to live than this?'
Gun violence is absolute a #publichealth issue. Good work,  on your gun reform for a generation  #itsastart	Editorial: President Obama?s Plan for Gun Reform
AZ Gov Jan Brewer changes her mind and will expand Medicaid:  #Medicaid	National Briefing | Southwest: Arizona: Governor Relents on Medicaid
Worth reading for the column excerpts: Pauline Phillips, Dear Abby, Dies at 94	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94
#Myanmar s Fight With Armed #Rebels Edges Toward China  #burma #kachin	Myanmar Fighting Edges Toward China
Truly a sad day. At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
US inadvertently trained rebels: French Strikes in Mali Supplant Caution of U.S.	French Jets Strike Deep Inside Islamist-Held Mali
Calorie bomb on the menu  will make eaters feel guilt after finish those meals	9 calorie bombs at restaurants
Facebook was the most popular mobile app in the United States in 2012	Facebook's mobile app takes top spot
An Alarm in the Offing on #ClimateChange      #ExtremeWeather #globalwarming #eco	An Alarm in the Offing on Climate Change
Syria: Deadly airstrikes in Damascus	Syria Launches Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs
Two of our favorite partners,  and , have teamed to bring more music to your commute.	Ford Announces In-Car Voice Commands for Amazon's Cloud Music
Amazing, you can play violent shooting games &nobody says anything but the NRA draws heat over new target-shooting game	NRA draws heat for shooting game
Worth Watching. "Set for Life" Documenting a Generation?s Fall.   #work #unemployment #babyboomer	Our Generation: ?Set for Life? Documents Crisis Among Baby Boomers
Dreamliner fix: 'It's not easy' -  this a big mess that is not easy.	787 Dreamliner fix: 'It's not easy'
NYT Editorial: What We Don’t Know Is Killing Us  #research #guns #violence	Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us
Think so? They don't think so!	President Hillary Clinton? If she wants it
Pulitzer-winning poet Tracy K. Smith's Sunday routine:	Poetry, Puppets and Playgrounds
Position "eliminated". Hmm. I read "exterminated". Times Executive Is Leaving	Times Communications Executive Is Leaving
Mr. Drummond, yep...showing my age: Conrad Bain, Father on ?Diff?rent Strokes?, Dies at 89	Conrad Bain, Actor on ?Diff?rent Strokes,? Dies at 89
Saudi Arabia defends maid's execution	Saudis defend maid's beheading
"Facebook has a lot of data, but it?s very noisy data."	Fortunes of Facebook May Hinge on Searches
CNN Recent nightclub tragedies: On Saturday, a massive fire at the Kiss nightclub in southern Brazil killed at l...	Deadly blazes: Nightclub tragedies in recent history
North Korea sendin them threats again	North Korea Issues Blunt New Threat to United States
We're all human, No MORE DEATH Please! Another Tibetan sets himself on fire, dies to protest Chinese rule	Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule
Coca-Cola joining the fight on obesity	Coca-Cola weighs in on obesity fight
Prayers for Burt Reynolds	Burt Reynolds 'feeling better' but still in ICU, rep says
'Taliban' is plural, but that is apparently too esoteric for CNN or any other journalists: .	'American Taliban' wins right to group prayer
Saudi activists say they won't be silenced~~I hope they find a way to get their rights peacefully!	Saudi activists say kingdom trying to silence them
When doctors don't listen what can you do?	What to do when doctors don't listen
Jodie Foster would care more about Syria Launching Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs	Syria Launches Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs
Bending the Steakhouse Rules #food #eatingout	Restaurant Review: Arlington Club on the Upper East Side
Excellent step with tricky legal issues.New York Lawmakers Reach Deal on New Gun Curbs  #law #cdnpoli	New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws
'Anonymous' threatens Justice Dept. 'Anonymous' threatens Justice Dept	Hacktivist group threatens Justice Department
At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire, such a shame	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Internet addiction of the day: 'What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie'	Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie
Great piece by  in NYT showing China too has what McKinsey sees as a global education-to-work problem:	Chinese Graduates Say No Thanks to Factory Jobs
On the virtues of procrastination: This Was Supposed to Be My Column for New Year?s Day	Findings: Positive Procrastination, Not an Oxymoron
France: We're not the pacifists you think we are -  Mali	Why France is not pacifist nation
The Bizarre World of Online Relationships: Image of Manti Te'o Becomes a Puzzle as Theories Swirl	Image of Manti Te?o Becomes Puzzle as Theories Swirl
Washington's Economic Boom, Financed by You  Real life "Hunger Games"	Washington?s Economic Boom, Financed by You
Finally confirmed - chapped lips are the first sign you?ve got Mad Cow disease.	Opinion: Hypochondria: An Inside Look
Swatch plays a big hand on $1B Harry Winston acqusition  get it, big hand... #iexplainmyjokes	Swatch to Buy Watch and Jewelry Business of Harry Winston for $750 Million
States get extension on #healthexchange timetable: : States Get Extra Time to Set Up Exchanges  #ACA #HCR	States Will Be Given Extra Time to Set Up Health Insurance Exchanges
"Live by the sword ... " Sad and ironic. Producer of popular gun-related videos shot	Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot
Kobe Bryant, wife to call off divorce  yaayy! lol.	Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce
Excellent!?: #Obama accelerating troops withdrawal from #Afghanistan, several months ahead of schedule: ?	Obama, Karzai to speed military transition
obit: Vincent Sombrotto, leader of 1970 strike that shut post offices across country 'til Nixon sent the National Guard	Vincent Sombrotto, Who Led Postal Strike, Dies at 89
So heartbreaking “: At least 90 killed in Brazilian nightclub fire, officials say. ”	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
More reason to review a more progressive pro-domestic tax structure "America's Productivity Climbs, but Wages Stagnate"	News Analysis: America?s Productivity Climbs, but Wages Stagnate
This is interesting: "What We Don’t Know Is Killing Us"  .	Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us
When i first saw this sing guy on the subway, i thought he needed an article. And NYT has delivered!	In the Subways, Geechee Dan?s Voice Stirs the Soul
Germany to Move 674 Tons of Gold from Downtown Manhattan to Frankfurt..	Germany to Repatriate Some of Its Gold Reserves
This just warmed my heart: Ada Bryant and Robert Haire	Ada Bryant, Robert Haire ? Weddings
#New York City Ties #Doctors? #Income to #Quality of #Care	New York City Hospitals to Tie Doctors? Performance Pay to Quality Measures
NY Times: Dot Earth Blog: Is 'Wild West' Era for Fracking Coming to an End?	Is 'Wild West' Era for Gas Drilling Coming to an End?
Children handcuffed 4 violating dress code! #MS fills #school2prison pipeline reports  grantee .	Report Criticizes School Discipline Measures Used in Mississippi
Congratulations to #Fruitvale and #BloodBrother! Sounds like #Sundance had some powerful films this year.	The Carpetbagger: 'Fruitvale,' Drama With Little Advance Buzz, Wins at Sundance
Sleep, perchance to dream And our memories not unseem MT : Brain ageing & Sleep-Related Memory Decline ”	Brain Aging Linked to Sleep-Related Memory Decline
My PBK membership, finally explained. Parents? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades:	Parents? Financial Support Linked to College Grades
Tennis: Sharapova takes on boys	Sharapova takes on Australian boys
FDA may find that poop is a drug. NYTimes: When Pills Fail, This, er, Option Provides a Cure	Disgusting, Maybe, but Treatment Works, Study Finds
Only great things can happen at the cheese monger : In the Dairy Case, Ripe Prose	Creative Cheesemongers Pen Clever Descriptions
Peter Likes: DealBook: Dell Shares Rise on News Company May Go Private	DealBook: Dell Shares Surge After Report of Possible Buyout
Kaepernick Backs Harbaugh's Gamble With Playoff Win	Kaepernick Responds to Harbaugh?s Gamble With Resounding Performance
Republican Governors Open New Front in #Tax Debate Offering Bold #Solutions!	The Caucus: Republican Governors Open New Front in Tax Debate
For the record, I chopped my hair into "The Karlie" before Karlie ; )	The ?Karlie? Is Turning Heads
Familiarize yourselves:  #NorthKorea	For the U.N. and North Korea: Game On
New mutations discovered in #melanoma  Useful in decoding how it develops.   #cancer	New Mutations Discovered in Melanomas
Not so good news.... NYTimes: German Economy Shrank in Fourth Quarter	German Economy Probably Shrank in Fourth Quarter
U.N. agencies: Stop the suffering in Syria  Again. Powerless.	U.N.: Stop the suffering in Syria
Conservative writer Nicholas Kristof: Guns are "an instrument not of protection but of escalation."	Op-Ed Columnist: Lessons From Guns and a Goose
NYTimes: Robot Makers Say Automation will create new and better jobs and not only delete jobs	Robot Makers Spread Global Gospel of Automation
New low for water levels in the Great Lakes #Drought	Water brings new lows on Great Lakes
Britain to Auction 250 MHz for High Speed Mobile -	Britain Set to Join High-Speed Mobile Party
NYTimes: Apps and Other Digital Tools Lend a Hand...	Tool Kit: Apps and Other Digital Tools Lend a Hand to New Mothers
Compared DNA from 6,000 visceral leishmaniasis blood samples from India & Brazil shows similar variations.	Global Update: A Genetic Link Found for Victims of Lethal Form of Leishmaniasis
So, can we just pass the ERA now? Pentagon Is Set to Lift Combat Ban for Women	Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat
Germany to Move 674 Tons of Gold  #germany #europe #USA	Germany to Repatriate Some of Its Gold Reserves
“: Secret Service Dog falls to its Death ”😢🐶	Secret Service dog falls to its death while on VP detail
*****NYTimes: Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign*****	Bits Blog: Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign
#Obama plan: Tougher checks, no assault weapons -  - from  #guncontrol	GOP balks at gun control proposals
Ken Salazar leaving  to spend more time with his bolo ties.	Interior's Ken Salazar stepping down
Nike unveils Rory McIlroy as Tiger's heir apparent. $200 mil deal?!? Makes no business sense to me.	Nike unveils Rory: Tiger's heir apparent
Should babies be allowed to 'cry it out'? #attachment #parenting	Should babies just 'cry it out'?
Look of The Moment: #TaylorSwift	T Magazine: Look of The Moment | Taylor Swift
The plight of the Atlanta Falcons	NFL: Can Falcons turn it around?
New York State Has Gun Control Deal, With Focus on Mental Ills	New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws
Tribal Lessons -'The World Until Yesterday'	?The World Until Yesterday,? by Jared Diamond
So. Odd. ?: In his own words: Manti Te'o on his girlfriend, and her death - now revealed to be a hoax: ?	In his own words: Manti Te'o on girlfriend's death
J&J was aware of 40% failure rate in DePuy Hip Implants.	Maker Aware of 40% Failure in Hip Implant
Following #Colorado #marijuana legal decisions closely. Maybe some lessons for CA dispensaries mess	Op-Ed Columnist: Colorado?s Marijuana Muddle
NY Times - A Sprint That Is Littered With Pitfalls	Slap Shot: N.H.L.?s Sprint of a Season Includes Pitfalls
Returning Zing to Dutch Cooking  ?Let?s go Dutch?? #Gartine	Putting Spice Into Dutch Cooking
Obama must prove himself on Palestine: NYTimes: Netanyahu Issues Veiled Barb in Response to Criticism From Obama	Netanyahu Issues Veiled Response to Criticism From Obama
America, the Saudi Arabia of tomorrow - Good or Bad?	America, Saudi Arabia of tomorrow
It hurts my stomach.	9 calorie bombs at restaurants
Do you need a "Stop Day"	The importance of a 'stop day'
What happened in Australia ... I Went After Guns. Obama Can, Too.	Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too.
Will President Obama's gun proposals work?  Recalling Pain, Mayors Urge Bills? Passage	Recalling Pain of Guns? Toll, Mayors Urge Bills? Passage
NYT Books - Books of The Times: ?The River Swimmer,? a pair of Novellas by Jim Harrison: ?The River Swimmer,? Ji...	Books of The Times: ?The River Swimmer,? Two Novellas by Jim Harrison
Baby boomers getting tech savvy:	Grandparents: the new techies?
v  Kerry says #Iran must come clean on #nuclear program	Kerry confirmation hearing
Woah. Fox News did not renew Sarah Palin's contract, which just expired.	Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways
Awe - one of the original "bloggers" passes away. Pauline Phillips, Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94
Don't get any ideas, . U.S. programmer outsources own job to China, surfs cat videos -	U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos
Filmmaker Jason da Silva on the challenges of navigating NY with #MS: The Long Wait?  #sundance	Op-Docs: ?The Long Wait?
This thing reads like one of those pre-written 'death' articles. Creepy.	Burt Reynolds in intensive care in Florida hospital after flu, rep says
UnfairRT : Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission:  What do you think?	Readers sue Armstrong for book refund
200 dead in night club fire	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
NYT- Pentagon Lifts Ban on Women Serving in Combat Roles	Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat
"An earlier version of this review misidentified the torso that was featured when Picnic opened on Broadway..."	Theater Review: ?Picnic? at American Airlines Theater
Here's to two more years of Reince Penis jokes.	Priebus Re-elected to Lead Republican National Committee
New York passes gun control bill Interesting, I like that they actually focused on mental health.	New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting
Miss Montana has a great story to tell.  #autism	Miss Montana on her autism
CGG - 30 die when bus plunges off cliff in Nepal -	30 killed as bus plunges off cliff in Nepal
A surprisingly refreshing view from old Johnny Howard. I Went After Guns. Obama Can, Too.	Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too.
": In today?s Gun Challenge editorial, Obama puts politics aside and takes action on gun reform. "	Editorial: President Obama?s Plan for Gun Reform
In N.A.A.C.P., Industry Gets Ally Against Soda Ban  I'm not one of them!	In Court, N.A.A.C.P. Adds Voice Against Bloomberg?s Soda Ban
And they never wondr WHY!! U.S gets it wrong on Egypt again -	Opinion: U.S gets it wrong on Egypt, again
Hurricane-flooded cars ruined by Sandy lure unwitting buyers	Hurricane-Flooded Cars Lure Unwitting Buyers
In Oz we love to scoff at US politics, gun laws etc.  Worth remembering US population debate years ahead of ours.	Obama Will Seek Citizenship Path in One Fast Push
Paging Orval Faubus: "Oregon sheriff: 'Unconstitutional' gun control laws won't be enforced"  #guncontrol #newtown	Sheriff won't enforce 'unconstitutional' gun laws
Golden Globes: How did Tina Fey and Amy Poehler do as hosts?	Golden Globes kick off Hollywood award season
In #Turkey, mourners protest killings of #Kurds	Mourners in Turkey protest killings of Kurdish activists
Chim: A Vivid Retrospective of Post War Europe  #photography	Chim: A Vivid Retrospective of Europe
isn?t it sad, that events like the massacre in Conneticut have to happen for us to notice it #challenges	An Added Mission for Arizona Sheriff?s Immigration Posse: School Patrols
Video: Rome's colorful Collosseum:	Rome's Colosseum gives up secrets
What the what?! ?: Voice of Charlie Brown arrested, charged. ?	Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged
Here we go again.. A man says he's 'certain' he knows where Hoffa is buried.	Man convicted in mob crimes says he's 'certain' where Hoffa is buried
Man held after subway attack in Philadelphia	Man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in Philadelphia
Even thought I've downloaded #Google maps for #iPhone, I'm still using #Apple's built in maps. They're easier to use.	Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition
Buried Memories talks on   a never before told true story of survival, memory and recovery.	"Buried Memories" of Katie Beers
The Gulf's 'green' buildings  #Amman #CNN	Coolest green buildings in the Gulf
NYTimes: N.R.A. Attacks Obama & Daughters in Video \ repugnant.	N.R.A. Attacks Obama in Video
Awful. ": More than 800 NYC rape cases to be reviewed for forensic mistakes "	More than 800 NYC rape cases reviewed for mistakes
Here is my question, is lance being punished for cheating or for cheating better?	Public lashes out at Armstrong
The reason Kindles exist: The Onion's tossing out an e-book biography of Biden	ArtsBeat: Biden Getting an Autobiography From The Onion (Whether He Wants It or Not)
Info Miami’s Design District Looks for an Upgrade: A proposed $312 million renovation is expected to transform t...	Miami?s Design District Looks for an Upgrade
Broken limbs, torn lives in northern #Mali - #Islamism #Sharia	Broken limbs, torn lives in Mali
Journalists, take a hint from Andrew Sullivan -	Journalists, learn from blogger Sullivan
This sweet love story made me weepy. No, really:	The Race Grows Sweeter Near Its Final Lap
North Korea beats war drums...	N. Korea makes new threats against U.S.
Russian influence on rise in #Israel	Rise of Russians in Israel
Life under Islamist Militants - Broken limbs, torn lives in northern Mali	Broken limbs, torn lives in Mali
Good Grief indeed, Charlie Brown gets arrested	Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged
“: “: Death toll climbs to 220 in Brazil nightclub fire, official says. ” incredibly sad” horrifying	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Sad but brings back memories of ink-stained hands reading her column. What a life. NYTimes: Dear Abby Dies at 94	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94
In Desert Outposts, Border Agents Keep Watch  #elpaso #elchuco #lafrontera #mexico	At Remote Outposts, Border Agents Sift for Clues
The closest I'll every get to Hollywood: #GreenFashion on the Red Carpet	IHT Rendezvous: Green Fashion on the Red Carpet
Again: NYTimes: 787 Jet Leaks Fuel During Safety Test	Japan Airlines Says 787 Jet Leaked Fuel During Safety Test
Some Daily on Daily crime right here. MT :  on filib. reform?unintelligible:	Bipartisan Filibuster Deal Is Taking Shape in Senate
North Korea?s Missile Movements Worry U.S.   THOM SHANKER and DAVID E. SANGER	Movement of Missiles by North Korea Worries U.S.
We are excited to see what happens!! ?South Park? Creators Start "Important Studios"  #southpark	?South Park? Creators to Start Company, Important Studios
CNN: Helicopter crash rains debris on London street	Helicopter crashes in London rush hour
Online prodigy Aaron Swartz commits suicide God why ?	Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide
Is Studio 54 like the '60s- if u can remember it, u weren't really there? Selling Some Old Sparkle Fr Studio 54:	Studio 54 Memorabilia to be Sold at Auction
The climate is changing, not in the distant future, but now:	An Alarm in the Offing on Climate Change
Extreme weather: expect the unexpected	Extreme Weather Grows in Frequency and Intensity Around World
Ada Bryant and Robert Haire  You go girl!!	Ada Bryant, Robert Haire ? Weddings
NYT on Aaron Swartz: A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause	Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause
Ignore the headline: more than 220...click on the link for updated via CNN. We're seeing the numbers climb higher...	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
I'm regretful that it has to come to this for some.	Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule
scaryyyyy...Questioning Greek Growth	WORLD: Green Questions About Greek Growth
Tragic news: A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause	Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause
You better believe in climate change, it's real! @ Federal Report Sees Big U.S. Impacts from Global Warming	Dot Earth Blog: Draft Federal Report Sees Big U.S. Impacts from Global Warming
: Popular gun nut* shot dead in own home, NRA thinks he needed more guns	Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot
This is so sad “: 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire, police tell state news agency. ”	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Former Australian PM says "I Went After Guns. Obama Can, Too."	Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too.
NYTimes: Diderot, an American Exemplar? Bien Sûr! A free thinker	Op-Ed Contributor: Diderot, an American Exemplar? Bien S?r
Good grief! Charlie Brown voice actor charged -  #law #legal	Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged
SL Putting a Number on Smoking's Toll	Well: Long Term Effects on Life Expectancy From Smoking
Is it a coincidence the most Miss America's come from the South?	Op-Ed Contributor: Racial Politics and Miss America
Britain teeters toward triple-dip recession  CNNMoney	Britain risks new recession
Million Man March; promises to bring change in bleeding Pakistan-   #TahirulQadri #14Jan	'Million Man March' promises to paralyze Pakistani capital
America, the Saudi Arabia of tomorrow -  Good Luck Saudi :)	America, Saudi Arabia of tomorrow
French Twitter case involving the identities behind racist comments is only latest skirmish over Internet speech	Twitter Ordered to Help Reveal Sources of Anti-Semitic Posts
"Not all smoothies are created equal!"	9 calorie bombs at restaurants
US Hospitals Turn Away Visitors With Flu Symptoms - NYT	Hospitals Place Restrictions on Visitors of Flu Patients
NYTimes: 232 Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil (locked security doors and band pyrotechnics)	Scores Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil
v?a  Supreme Court Hears Argument on the F.C.C.?s Authority to Rule on Cellphone Towers	Supreme Court Hears Argument on Cellphone Towers
IHT: Xiao Shu, former journalist at Southern Weekend, gives insider take on iron grip of censorship.	Op-Ed Contributor: Dim Hopes for a Free Press in China
#Wtf it happened again. Police: 7 men gang rape bus passenger in #India -	Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus
#Youth: The  wants to know: "Does #Facebook Ever Make You Feel L-O-U-S-Y?" Share HERE	The Learning Network Blog: Student Opinion | Does Facebook Ever Make You Feel Bad?
Da CNN: ' At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update'	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Horse meat discovered in hamburgers meat in UK and Ireland	Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain and Ireland
Dear Abby, Dies at 94 . Dear Abby: Are birth control pills deductible? Bertie Dear Bertie: Only if they don?t work.	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94
Jared Diamond book worth reading? "The World Until Yesterday"	?The World Until Yesterday,? by Jared Diamond
#Socialmedia makes folks more honest, says #Cornell prof #Facebook #LinkedIn	Social media make us more honest
World's best white-water rafting?  geekkenya	World's best place for water rafting?
Casey Anthony has two of her four convictions thrown out.	Casey Anthony convictions thrown out
Workers being seen as just a cost ... we all build this society and will get what we pay for	Opinionator | The Great Divide: The Rise of the Permanent Temp Economy
on the need for humanity in online learning.	Online courses need human element to educate
Weird, just the voice? ": Voice of Charlie Brown arrested, charged. "	Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged
Opinionator: Misconceptions(Linda Greenhouse)	Opinionator: Misconceptions About Roe v. Wade
Frum: U.S. gun problem is not a race problem (must read)	America's gun problem is not a race problem
Free speech is a basic democratic right except in France #Twitter	Twitter Ordered to Help Reveal Sources of Anti-Semitic Posts
Goed initiatief, inkomen op kwaliteit en niet op verrichtingen#New York City Ties Doctors? Income to Quality of Care	New York City Hospitals to Tie Doctors? Performance Pay to Quality Measures
Art meets technology before tragedy: photog Taryn Simon & computer genius Aaron Swartz create a project , via NY Times	The 6th Floor Blog: Taryn Simon and Aaron Swartz's Experiment with Images
Wow, what a story: In the Subways, a Voice to Stir the Soul	In the Subways, Geechee Dan?s Voice Stirs the Soul
Microsoft's Windows 8 sales are OK, not great	Microsoft's Windows 8 sales are big -- just not big enough
Death is bad enough:	Your Money: A Shocking Death, a Financial Lesson and Help for Others
"Husbands of Hollywood"??gender-flipped satire of reality TV...& subtle commentary on limited options for black actors.	Critic?s Notebook: ?Real Husbands of Hollywood? and Lack of Black Male Leads
President Hillary! There are few things I would like more!	President Hillary Clinton? If she wants it
NYT, "Mouse Study Discovers DNA That Controls [Burrowing] Behavior [and Whether Escape Tunnels Are Made]"	Mouse Study Discovers DNA That Controls Behavior
": Social media making us more honest?  talks to  "	Social media make us more honest
Thinking about how we can calm down our civic discourse. Labels are powerful.	Opinionator | The Stone: What is a 'Hacktivist'?
Public takes its shots at Armstrong--What do you guys think of Armstrong's doping?	Public lashes out at Armstrong
After U.S. threat, North Korea turns ire on South  #military #SKorea #NKorea #US #politics	After threats against U.S., North Korea turns ire to South
Sen. Feinstein announces bill to limit semiautomatic weapons:	Senator Unveils Bill to Limit Semiautomatic Arms
NYTimes: Victory for Anthony and for Knicks	Win for Anthony and for Knicks
The Mexican gun-tablet exchange...	Video shows fiery copter wreckage
From : Cond? Nast Writer Deals Stir Dispute  #CondeNast	Cond? Nast Contracts Cut Author?s Share in Film Deals
Fires threaten parts of Australia -	Photos: Fires across Australia
Feel good morning read! :) Note on a napkin, 'This meal is on us' -	Note on napkin: 'This meal is on us'
Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot?s Potency  #flushot #exercise #health	Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency
The telecom industry just took away our rights. As of today, it's illegal to choose a different cellphone carrier	Bits Blog: A Right to Unlock Cellphones Fades Away
Awesome! #Republicans can't win on their ideas so they will change the rules!?	Some GOP-led states look at electoral vote changes
77% of Americans use search to find diagnosis.  ?: Turning to the Web for a Medical Advice ?	Well: Turning to the Web for a Medical Diagnosis
The tricks of moving from Wall Street to Tech #dealbook	DealBook: Moving From Wall Street to the Tech Sector Proves Tricky
Should babies be left to "cry it out?"...	Should babies just 'cry it out'?
Interesting perspective on #Broncos playcalling -	The Cautious Calls of John Fox
Rivals watch as Shell's #Arctic drilling hopes hit snags.  $RDS.A #Alaska #KeystoneXL #oil #politics	Rivals Watch Travails of Shell Arctic Drilling
Russian Military Ordered to Switch to Socks  I learned something new today!!!	At War Blog: Russian Military Ordered to Switch Portyanki for Socks
Justice Clarence Thomas Breaks His Silence  nytimes or the onion article? can't tell	Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court
Interesting article. ASAP Yams, Partner to Hip-Hop's ASAP Rocky	ASAP Yams, Partner to Hip-Hop?s ASAP Rocky
they were so young :( #SantaMaria #tragedyinthenightclub	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
An architect is building a mobius band house with a 3D printer. I knew those things would come in handy.	Architect to build home using 3-D printer
TheWritingGenie Supernatural Tales: Manuel Gonzales Talks About 'The Miniature Wife': Mr. Gonzales's first colle...	ArtsBeat: Q. and A.: Manuel Gonzales on His Story Collection 'The Miniature Wife'
Philly high schoolers, join the conversation. : Would You Feel Safer With Armed Guards In Your School?	The Learning Network Blog: Student Opinion | Would You Feel Safer With Armed Guards Patrolling Your School?
some good news for a change More lives being saved - cancer death rates drop 20%...	More lives being saved: Cancer death rates drop 20%
Apparently a Suicide	Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist, Dies at 26
This is an inspiring exhibition. The way to the future. ?Making Room? in the City	Weekend Miser: ?Making Room,? at Museum of the City of New York
Jeanne Vertefeuille, who played a key role in unmasking infamous spy Aldrich Ames, died recently.	Jeanne Vertefeuille Dies, 80; Helped Catch Aldrich Ames
Wait, what?! - 'Universal background checks' defined	'Universal background check': What does it mean?
Our Economic Pickle: America's Productivity Climbs, but Wages Stagnate	News Analysis: America?s Productivity Climbs, but Wages Stagnate
Weak Protection Laws For Domestic Workers: Saudi execution: Brutal, inhuman and illegal? - CNN  #p2 #p21 #tcot #ccot	Beheading: Inhuman and illegal?
Reading: How to Get America Online  via	Op-Ed Contributor: How to Get High-Speed Internet to All Americans
New York Times Top Public Relations Exec to Depart	Times Communications Executive Is Leaving
What's so wrong with researching it? What We Don’t Know Is Killing Us	Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us
Benjamin Millepied to take over Paris Opera Ballet,  with all the details:	Benjamin Millepied to Be Paris Opera Ballet Director
#Java compromised take necessary action	Critical Java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch
#Morsi: "Nurse our children and our grandchildren on hatred for them: for Zionists, for Jews"	Morsi Says Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context
NYTimes:Armstrong, a Confession Without Explanation-the most sophisticated, organized and professionalized? in history	For Armstrong, a Confession Without Explanation
Lean in Sisters....NYTimes: She’s (Rarely) the Boss	Op-Ed Columnist: She?s (Rarely) the Boss
Pakistan bomb victims' families end protest	Pakistan bomb victims to be buried after protest ends
This could play out very interesting....	Some GOP-led states look at electoral vote changes
Senator Schumer Says He Will Vote For Chuck Hagel for Secretary of Defense  Good news!	Schumer Says He?s Satisfied With Hagel on Mideast
This man can sing better than some big names who will be at the Grammy Awards Geechee Dan Plays the 42nd Street Subway	N.Y./Region: Geechie Dan Plays the 42nd Street Subway
Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign  #itsecurity #cyberspy	Bits Blog: Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign
Great NY Times article: “: “: A Saint in His City: Archie Manning in #NewOrleans	A Saint in His City: Archie Manning in New Orleans
Great article &comments on what biz owners face trying to figure out how to choose the right bank.	Staying Alive: Why I'm Looking for a New Bank
PUT UP YOUR NUKES [dukes]! "North Korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against U.S."   jacques	N. Korea makes new threats against U.S.
Calorie bomb disasters on the menu	9 calorie bombs at restaurants
ICYMI:"As Disabled Athletes Compete, Questions of Logistics"	Disabled Athletes Suit Up, Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness
If uv not seen #Crazy #Love, u should. NYTimes: Linda Riss #Pugach, Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines, Dies at 75	Linda Riss Pugach, 1937-2013: Linda Riss Pugach, Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines, Dies at 75
Question is: Does this mean Civil War? Probably not. But still not a good situation #Iraq	Sunni sheikh to al-Maliki: Hand over soldiers behind shootings or 'face losses'
Couldn't agree more with the facts here:	Opinionator: India Is Losing the Race
Interesting article for parents who support their college kids: Parents? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades	Parents? Financial Support Linked to College Grades
New York's Cuomo signs gun control bill. 1 down 49 to go!	New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting
SYNTHAX_tERROR 2: : More than 800 NYC rape cases to be reviewed for forensic mistakes	More than 800 NYC rape cases reviewed for mistakes
WTF India?!!  This has got to stop.	Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus
CNN Soccer's 'bounty hunter' takes on FIFA: A leading football agent fined by FIFA for using social media has ta...	'Bounty hunter' battles FIFA on Facebook
Dey stay preppin'... The Preppers Next Door	The Doomsday Preppers of New York
Family uses pot to manage son's autism... Wow	Boy given pot to manage his autism
“Long Island: ‘Attack of the Bloodsuckers!’ at the Long Island Children’s Museum ”  if you want to scare leo	Arts | Long Island: ?Attack of the Bloodsuckers!? at the Long Island Children?s Museum
a must read . my amazing friend cynthis schneider has done it again, bravo	Opinion: U.S gets it wrong on Egypt, again
Why the Net grieves Aaron Swartz - the innovator who embodied what's best about the Net.	Why world grieves Aaron Swartz
Female Directors Gain Ground, Slowly  The storyteller?s gender matters.	Female Film Directors Slowly Gain Ground
wtf?? » ": At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update: "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
#Cosmos Unveil Plan for #Soccer Stadium Near #BelmontPark  #NYS #NY #LongIsland #EconDev	Cosmos Unveil Plan for Soccer Stadium Near Belmont Park
Theme? Ppl trying to sell stuff that's not theirs...  cc:  #JoyDivision #music	Lives: We Were Joy Division
NYTimes: Smartphones Become Life?s Remote Control --- amazing	Smartphones Can Now Run Consumers? Lives
Breaks my heart ": 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire, police tell state news agency. "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
op-ed - Why We Must Help Save #Mali  #Africa #HelpMali	Op-Ed Contributor: Why We Must Help Save Mali
Omg. At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Another GangRape in India! WTF! :( 7 men gang rape bus passenger in India -	Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus
Social media can be a friend or foe but it doesn't raise your IQ -  - Police: YouTube videos lead to pot bust	Police: YouTube leads to pot bust
He's dead! ?: Venezuela says Hugo Chavez's condition is improving ?	Venezuela: Chavez is improving
NYTimes: Tunisian Style Baked Cauliflower Frittata	Recipes for Health: Tunisian Style Baked Cauliflower Frittata ? Recipes for Health
Salivating! ?: Exotic culinary tours from around world ?	Exotic culinary tours around the world
"Still own a Livestrong bracelet? Tell us about it." (CNN)	Cycling: Armstrong apologizes to staff
Leave it to a lawyer from #Lakechuck to get Justice Thomas to break his silence.	Clarence Thomas breaks silence on bench
#coder #outsources own job to #china for a #profit, gets fired.	U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos
Africa: The Top 5 stories of the week are ... -	Africa's top 5 stories this week
Awkward! Notre Dame linebacker says he is hoax victim	Notre Dame linebacker says he is victim of hoax
When Pills Fail, This Option Provides a Cure For C-Diff	Disgusting, Maybe, but Treatment Works, Study Finds
Dear Abby, we miss you already. How fortunate you are to have Margalit Fox write your obit! "Dear Abby, Dies at 94"	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94
A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause  #AaronSwartz #MITfail #badbranding	Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause
How an all-American hero fell to earth - . (Where have all the REAL heroes gone?)	How all-American hero fell to earth
Tibetan man sets himself on fire in protest. Again.	Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule
More accurate (albeit less catchy) title would be "India is 2nd place" not "losing", but still interesting:	Opinionator: India Is Losing the Race
Awesome Jeanne Vertefuille told to take a secretarial course by C.I.A. She Helped Catch a Notorious Spy, Dies at 80	Jeanne Vertefeuille Dies, 80; Helped Catch Aldrich Ames
In awe of the courageous Russian LGBT rights advocates NYTimes: ‘Propaganda’ by Gays Faces Russian Curbs Amid Unrest	?Propaganda? By Gays Faces Russian Curbs Amid Unrest
Families of #Newtown Victims Look for Answers on #Gun Violence  #NRA	Families of Newtown School Massacre Victims Organize Against Gun Violence
Really? Man says he's 'certain' where Hoffa is buried	Man convicted in mob crimes says he's 'certain' where Hoffa is buried
NYTimes: How to Get America Online - excellent op-ed by  on regulating the big ISPs	Op-Ed Contributor: How to Get High-Speed Internet to All Americans
Time to ban nighclubs.	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
'here is what happens when you cast lindsey #lohan in a movie' & get unlimited on-set access: superb journalism.	Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie
North Korea Turns Its Ire on the South  #North #South #Korea #UN #sanctions #war #R2PH	North Korea Turns Its Ire on South Korea
In complete shock! Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person	Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person
Armstrong's confess ruined all the cancer survivors and cycling fans who thought his fairy-tale story was true.	For Armstrong, a Confession Without Explanation
This is what happened in Brazil if you don't know x	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Although Truth is a the higher standard...: Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission	Readers sue Armstrong for book refund
NYT story on Grounding of Boeing 787s	F.A.A. Orders Grounding of U.S.-Operated Boeing 787s
Aww  ?: Britney Spears calls off engagement ?	Britney Spears, Jason Trawick call off engagement
The top baby names of 2013 -   (gee, my name is not on there ;o))) )	Parenting.com's top baby names
This shouldn't be the problem that it is. Ready-set-go. NYTimes: As Disabled Athletes Compete, Questions of Logistics	Disabled Athletes Suit Up, Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness
Damn smh ": Death toll climbs to 220 in Brazil nightclub fire, official says. "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Could it be good? Sounds intriguing... ABC to look at 'Star Wars' live-action TV series -	ABC to look at 'Star Wars' live-action series
Online courses still need a human element...	Online courses need human element to educate
Gun ban argument continues but will it really solve anything except to disarm the innocent? #pols1101	'Enough is enough,' Feinstein says in proposing new gun ban
The history of temp agencies: Using the sexism of the '60s to expand "right under the noses of powerful labor unions."	Opinionator | The Great Divide: The Rise of the Permanent Temp Economy
great hire by Robert Wolf and his new firm Austan Goolsbee is a great guy	Robert Wolf Said to Hire Goolsbee as Adviser for His Firm
Amen! ": Good news .... My shero Robin Roberts Plans February Return to 'Good Morning America' "	Media Decoder Blog: Robin Roberts Plans February Return to 'GMA'
Who stole precious relics from Mo. church?	Who stole precious relics from church in Missouri town?
Firefly: 2015 is happening...... as a NASA mining vessel. #fireflyreturnskinda	'Fireflies' to scope out space rocks for mining
Algerian field strike retaliation over Mali, reports say -	Briton killed in Algerian gas field attack
I wish I could be this man #PaulTheroux My #Travel Wish List  via	Paul Theroux?s Travel Wish List
40 Miles to Work, on a Bike:  -- Incredible!	Commuting 40 Miles to Work on a Bike, With Thermals and Fleece
Oh so clever,  weighs in on #obesity fight	Coca-Cola weighs in on obesity fight
The entrusted Muslim brotherhood	Egypt deploys troops to Suez to quell 'out of control' clashes
I need a 'stop day' in my life.  #CNN	The importance of a 'stop day'
Great piece by  "The gruesome toll of deadly #clusterbombs in Syria" -	Gruesome toll of cluster bombs
Illuminating Jewish Life in a Muslim Empire  via Talmud Blog	Documents Illuminate Jewish Life in Ancient Muslim Empire
Highlights From Katie Couric's Interview With Manti Te'o	The Lede Blog: Updates on the Katie Couric Interview With Manti Te'o
Apps to help you ski:  via NY Times	App Smart: Apps Helps Skiers Get More Out of the Slopes - App Smart
We mourned the loss of an Open Access advocate this past weekend ~ A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause	Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause
nsfw ?: Best obit opening I've read in a long time. Dear Abby Dies at 94 ?	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94
Taking foodie culture maybe a bit too far...The Unaffordable Luxury of Food	Big City: New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food
I'd like to read this. MT : Interview with DL Weiss, Who Put Her Child on a Diet and Wrote About It.	Motherlode Blog: An Interview with Dara-Lynn Weiss, Who Put Her 7-Year-Old on a Diet, and Wrote a Book About It.
NYT botches description of "crushed beer can" fiasco in mostly v. good piece on Shell's Arctic troubles	Rivals Watch Travails of Shell Arctic Drilling
The Preppers Next Door  Who wants to join MY group?	The Doomsday Preppers of New York
Driven by a need to compete or remorse?  Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials
Sheriff: I won't enforce Obama's gun laws. Good for him.	Sheriff won't enforce 'unconstitutional' gun laws
Love this--Forms at the doctor's office just got fun -	Forms at the doctor's just got fun
Dreamliner battery studied by NTSB  (via Instapaper)	Nothing ruled out as NTSB studies Dreamliner battery
setting the bar, good move! "Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any Veteran Who Wants a Job"	Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans
NYTimes: Apple May Be Big, but It Isn’t a Bellwether (my column)	Strategies: Apple Stock Isn?t a Bellwether, Even if It?s Big
Schrecklich! 😢 “: At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire ”	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Fortunes of Facebook may hinge on search - is this the Big Reveal?	Fortunes of Facebook May Hinge on Searches
What is the price of insulting the #king in #Thailand? 10 years in #prison for #activist Somyot Pruksakasemsuk	Activist gets 10 years for king insult
Sheriff: I won't enforce Obama's gun laws He's 1 black guy, they r US laws & calm the fuck down #overparanoia&racism	Sheriff won't enforce 'unconstitutional' gun laws
Mining Electronic Records for Health Data May Greatly Benefit Medical Research, Not Necessarily Reduce Costs of Care	Mining Electronic Records for Revealing Health Data
NYTimes: ?Mad Men? Set to Return on April 7. Excellent news.	ArtsBeat: 'Mad Men' Set to Return on April 7
Greek FM: Small chance Greece leaves EU	Greek FM: Small chance of euro exit
'Dad, it's only my books I am friends with.'   #Malala #womenonthefrontline	The front lines in fight for women
lovely tribute, her responses to readers' qtns priceless. Read bacon frying and you could move. Dear Abby Dies at 94	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94
Which country has most economic freedom?  #economy #economics	Country with freest economy is...
'4-hour' work guru on China outsourcer: Bad karma - CNN International	'4-hour' work guru on outsourcer
Part 4: Answers to Your Questions About the #FAFSA #finaid #scchat	The Choice Blog: Part 4: Answers to Your Questions About the Fafsa
Chilling fact that the biggest safety concern for women serving in military is risk of sexual attack from comrades.	Op-Ed Columnist: Military Women and the Front Lines
Finally a little RESPECT for Vets! Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any Veteran Who Wants a Job	Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans
": Breaking: 250 killed, 200 more injured in Brazil nightclub inferno. " Crazy	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
"Pray for Me". Defense Secretary Panetta in Audience With Pope	Defense Secretary Leon Panetta Meets Pope
John Cale in Paris and Along the Borderline.  #music	Q. and A.: With John Cale in Paris and Along the Borderline
An rising star on London's thespian scene tells his story of - Being Bin Laden	Op-Ed Contributor: I Played Osama bin Laden in ?Zero Dark Thirty?
Casting: Lindsay Lohan, careening debt and porn stars. What could go wrong? What Happens When You Hire LL.	Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie
Saudis Monsters try to defend Sri Lankan maid's execution  #p2 #tcot	Saudis defend maid's beheading
HE nvr gives vision wo provision & he'll use whoevr2bring it?Winfrey's LowRated Cable Channel Is Poised 2 Break Through	Winfrey?s Low-Rated Cable Channel Is Poised to Break Through
A MUST READ! by ! How #Turkey Can Make Peace With the #Kurds	Op-Ed Contributor: How Turkey Can Make Peace With the Kurds
Lovely piece in the NYT on a 40-year marriage, and how their gay son?s struggle became a unifier	Making It Last: Conservative Meets Liberal, and 40-Year Marriage Begins
What exactly is going on in Mali?  @	French Say Airstrikes in Mali ?Blocked? Rebel Advance
Gabby and Mark: The new Bradys of gun control #TGDN LIBS PLAY DIRTY AS NORM	The new 'Bradys' of gun control?
NRA's video game smacks of hypocrisy #NRA #guncontrol	NRA's video game hypocrisy
Frum: #US. #gun problem is not a race problem	America's gun problem is not a race problem
All from a kid starting an online petition. NYTimes: PepsiCo Will Halt Use of Additive in Gatorade	Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula
Al Pacino to play Joe Paterno in Brian De Palma's tentatively entitled film "Happy Valley"  #sportsbiz	Pacino to Play Paterno in Film
Source say at least 150 ": At least 90 killed in Brazilian nightclub fire, officials say. "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
NYTimes: Debunking Darwin. Was He Wrong About Dating? #sex #gender	Opinion: Darwin Was Wrong About Dating
From the She Owns It business group... More Thoughts on Growing Your Business -- and Helping Employees	You're the Boss Blog: More Thoughts on Growing Your Business - and Helping Employees
Well, at least we know the slides work now.	Boeing 787s Are Grounded by Japanese Airlines
NYTimes: What We Don’t Know Is Killing Us -Couldn't agree more! e.g., research on IPV homicides & guns is critical.	Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us
BHO Gun Proposal 2 Look Beyond Mass Shootings in taking steps to completely disarm Americans so that only Elites prtctd	Obama Gun Proposal to Look Beyond Mass Shootings
The deadly toll of cluster bombs in #Syria	Gruesome toll of cluster bombs
! pay it forward - Note on a napkin, 'This meal is on us' -	Note on napkin: 'This meal is on us'
Jacqui Weaver tells the NY Times: ?I do have friends in Australia who now refer to me as ?Hollywood Jack??	Jacki Weaver and the Lord of Greenwich Village
Flowers in winter?  Camellias are some of my favorite prerennials.	In the Garden: Camellias Ready for a Cold Snap
Go #Obama. Obama Calls for Broad Action on Guns	Obama to Ask Congress to Toughen Gun Laws
Is #Pakistan becoming "#SouthAsia's #Dreamliner"? - Official refuses order to arrest Prime Minister Ashraf	Pakistani Official Refuses Order to Arrest Prime Minister
Google Gains From Creating Apps for the #iPhone #HealthIT #hcsm	Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition
I was definitely spending it on obscure sheet music and concert tickest. #MisspentYouth	Big City: New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food
A Generation Gap? Not on This Web Site (Harvard Business School)	A 20-Something?s Web Site for Women Over 40
Eddie Huang in the NY Times. i vibe this dude so hard	Eddie Huang Defies Description
Rangel: More equal military? Bring back draft #deployment #usaf #military	A more equal military? Bring back draft
France confronts Mali jihadists	France vows to halt Mali jihadists
The amount of organizations and clubs at #college is overwhelming! Choose carefully before dedicating your time:	The Choice Blog: Lessons From a College Student: Finding Your Fit on Campus
Lol..errm.."test" on the U.S. of A.? #damn!: North Korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against U.S.: ?	N. Korea makes new threats against U.S.
#Morsi ?s Slurs Against #Jews Stir Concern  Does any one in #Obama 's administration know how to read #English?	Morsi?s Slurs Against Jews Stir Concern
"Vine is Twitter's attempt to be the Instagram of Video," Form a nerdier sentence. Don't try! Its Impossible!	Vine is Twitter's attempt to become the 'Instagram of video'
Mark Sanford, the ex-Governor of South Carolina & "Hiking the Appalachian Trail", to Run for Congress	Sanford, Ex-Governor of South Carolina, to Run for Congress
Where to Go in 2013 by !   offers insightful explorations to most of these!	The 46 Places to Go in 2013
peter is not in the top ten but mo, bertie and gus are?: "The top baby names of 2013"	Parenting.com's top baby names
NYTimes: #Queens #School Is Locked Down After #Gun Is Found in 7-Year-Old?s Backpack  is there no end?	Gun Found in 7-Year-Old?s Backpack at Queens School
What choo talkin' bout Mr. D......RIP Conrad Bain, Father on ?Diff?rent Strokes?, Dies at 89	Conrad Bain, Actor on ?Diff?rent Strokes,? Dies at 89
Facebook unveils new search tool:	Bits Blog: Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool
#GunReform for a Generation	Editorial: President Obama?s Plan for Gun Reform
Is it me, or is the main ingredient in Coke sugar? In Ads, Coke Confronts Soda?s Link to Obesity	Coke TV Ads Confront Obesity and Soda?s Role
Excellent analysis of the housing market recovery - Housing Offers Hope of Strength in the Economy	High & Low Finance: Signs of a Housing Recovery Point to a Stronger Economy
Williams Starts Fast, but Pace Suits Rockets	Williams Starts Strong, but Nets Don?t Follow in Loss to Rockets
QUEBRA TUDO!!! J.J. Abrams to Direct Next ‘Star Wars’ Movie	J.J. Abrams to Direct Next 'Star Wars' Movie
WOW:  announcing plan to hire EVERY veteran who wants a job - w a few conditions. They anticipate 100k+ hires:	Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans
In Britain, Basketball Can Be a Tough SellWHY WOULD BRITS GET EXCITED BOUT PRO BB,THEY GOT "FOOTBALL"2 KEEP THEM BORED.	In Britain, Basketball Is Somewhat of a Tough Sell
At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire " Kropp left that country in the nick of time.	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
dutch automat  Returning Zing to Dutch Cooking	Putting Spice Into Dutch Cooking
Man held after subway attack in Philadelphia  omg!	Man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in Philadelphia
Who Decides the Laws of War?  It belongs in civilian courts.	News Analysis: Military Tribunals and International War Crimes
Former Alaska Gov Sarah Palin is no long a commentator for Fox News	Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways
New York lawmakers agreed on changes to gun laws Ills	New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws
Lance Armstrong [Finally] Admits Doping, Says He Will Testify	Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials
Hong Kong takes the Internet speed title with 54.1 Mbps.	Hong Kong takes Internet speed title
Where is justice? 'They ran him over because he was black'	Victim's son: It was a hate crime
reflects on doctors who take time off & then start seeing patients again.	Doctor and Patient: When the Doctor Returns to Doctoring
Sheen wants to return to '2.5 Men' but has his past image ruined that? #coePR205	Sheen wants to return to 'Two and a Half Men'
Good Read: Challenges for Women in India:	Challenges of being woman in India
NYTimes: Richard G. Stern, Writers? Writer, Dies at 84 Big loss	Richard G. Stern, a Writers? Writer, Is Dead at 84
Fantastic read from  on imprtnce of narratives: "...stories, not algorithms, give order to our hectic world."	Opinion: TV, The Thinking Person?s Entertainment of Choice
"2012: The Year of Extreme #Weather" :  #ClimateChange #Drought #NationalClimateAssessment #GlobalChangeResearch	IHT Rendezvous: 2012: The Year of Extreme Weather
La vision am?ricaine sur M.Kaspersky est peu flatteuse Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign	Bits Blog: Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign
Sweet, sweet story. NYTimes: A Doll?s Magic, Free to Renew	A Doll's Magic, Free to Renew
A New Housing Boom? Don’t Count on It - By ROBERT J. SHILLER -	A New Housing Boom? Don?t Count on It
" (UK fave) "Mate, why don't skip killing people night? It's too cold." -NYC murderers in last 9 days	Cold Wave Cut Murders in New York City Significantly
Take that Texas. White House Rejects Petitions to Secede, but Texans Fight On	Texas Secession Movement Unbowed by White House Rejection
No Deal on Teacher's Union Evaluations; NYC Risks Losing $450 Million	New York City Talks on Teacher Evaluations
Interesting perspective... NYTimes: A New Housing Boom? Don’t Count on It	A New Housing Boom? Don?t Count on It
Battle behind China's 'Firewall'	Working behind China's 'Great Firewall'
NYTimes: Analysis of Armstrong?s Interview With Winfrey it's shame (but we know it) #congrutalionlance	The Lede Blog: Live Updates on Armstrong's Oprah Interview
Too many s*tty men in India: another gang rape	Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus
Vodka is saving lives! Well, a puppy's life...	Booze saves puppy's life
jl #NYT: U.S. Military Stops Sending Some Detainees to Afghan Custody  #p2 #topprog	U.S. Military Stops Sending Detainees to Some Afghan Prisons on Rights Fears
Loving the street style from the #Couture in #Paris #Fashion	T Magazine: Street Style from the Couture in Paris
asked many people (including yours truly) if #LanceArmstrong deserves another chance. Interesting views	Give Lance another chance?
Travel photos that you wish you had taken -	Today's photo: Thai temple
#Pentagon to lift combat ban for women... How about banning combat for men??	Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat
Doing Good (and Burnishing Images Too)  #celebrity #charity	The Carpetbagger: Doing Good (and Burnishing Images, Too)
Iran Currency Falls Further on U.S PRESSURE Over Banks transactions	Iran Currency Falls Further on Concerns Over Bank
'Kitty Cams study found that four of the cats were two-timing their owners,' and more in this cat story.	Well Pets: Holly the Cat's Incredible Journey
Union membership falls to 97-year low, 11.3%. People will still find ways to blame them for everything.	Union Membership Drops Despite Job Growth
Who spends so much money on food? That's so retarded :) The Unaffordable Luxury of Food	Big City: New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food
Sent from the CNN App for Android At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
#Google Gains From Creating Apps for #iPhone. Google Maps is #1 #App.	Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition
Get it together Sun (#Oracle)! Homeland Security warns users to disable Java. #CyberSecurity	Disruptions: U.S. Agency Warns of Java Software Problem
unreal ?: If you have not heard of the acid attack on the Bolshoi director. ?	Acid attack on Russia ballet director
Tragic. My thoughts and prayers go out to all..."At least 220 killed in Brazil nightclub fire"	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Potentially explosive legal battle: Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person	Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person
Kyle Stanley Gained from Pain of Squandered Lead at Torrey Pins: Kyle Stanley this week is back at Torrey Pines,...	Kyle Stanley Gained from Pain of Squandered Lead at Torrey Pines
Scarcity and Financial Decision-Making.	Hanging On: In Debt, and Digging Deeper to Find Relief
Holy crap! :( "2 killed as helicopter crashes into crane in central London"	Helicopter crashes in London rush hour
U.S. single-malt #whiskey has arrived	American Single-Malt Whiskeys Serve Notice
Allergy-bullying? Apparently this is a real problem.	Allergy bullying: When food is a weapon
World awaits Oprah's Armstrong interview not me I'm not watching	World awaits Oprah's Lance Armstrong interview - but will it change anything?
Homicide #2 cause of death in 15-24-yr-olds in US- 4 out of 5 of these deaths from guns	America flunks its health exam
A Library doll is loaned out to children:	A Doll's Magic, Free to Renew
Senate holds key to fixing Washington -   thanks for that insight Ari #p2 #tcot	Senate key to fixing Washington
#Cuba restricts travel for 'skilled' people	Cuba limits travel for athletes, workers
what is driving our growth in government spending #facts	What Is Driving Growth in Government Spending?
It's a start! Kudos to this kid!!! PepsiCo Will Halt Use of Additive in Gatorade	Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula
Obama-backed gun bills a long shot. "This is ONE issue that me and the president happen to agree on."	Reform is a long shot in current Congress
Beyond the media's coverage of her emotions, #Clinton put out good info: Five things we learned from Benghazi hearings	5 things we learned from Benghazi hearings
2#France: We're not the pacifists you think	Why France is not pacifist nation
Change the rules = Prez Romney: “: Electoral College Changes Would Pose Danger 4 Democrats ”	FiveThirtyEight: Electoral College Changes Would Pose Danger for Democrats
As Seen on TV! ~ Black and Famous but Out to Pasture	Critic?s Notebook: ?Real Husbands of Hollywood? and Lack of Black Male Leads
: Report: 650 hostages freed by Algeria forces	Fear, confusion in Algerian hostage crisis
Pray they'll stay together for the right reasons - Kobe Bryant, wife calling off divorce -	Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce
Harrowing stories: Broken limbs, torn lives in northern #Mali	Broken limbs, torn lives in Mali
#NHL Players Begin Voting on Labor Deal; Approval Expected by Saturday  #ABASAL #Antitrust	Slap Shot: N.H.L. Players Begin Voting on Labor Deal; Approval Expected by Saturday
Over 50, and Under No Illusions  Over 50? Invent yourself everyday!	How 5 Older Workers Saw a Chance to Remake Their Careers
The power of user reviews - wielded for good or evil? NYTimes: Swarming a Book Online	A Casualty on the Battlefield of Amazon?s Partisan Book Reviews
Cool stuff: 6 trends we saw at CES 2013 -	6 trends from CES 2013
At least 233 dead in Brazilian nightclub fire. :(	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
So sad news : 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire.	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Ouch, possibly? “: NYTimes: Japan’s Business Culture Hovers Over Boeing’s Battery Choice ”	Common Sense: Selection of the Boeing 787?s Battery Maker Raises Questions
What a loss of a great & inspirational mind! Internet Activist, a Creator of RSS, Is Dead at 26, Apparently a Suicide	Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist, Dies at 26
It's Jail Time, Charlie Brown	Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged
At long last, the truth... Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials
I am calling BS!!! NYTimes: Morsi Says His Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context	Morsi Says Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context
If you're a skier or snow-boarder, you'll dig these: On Snowy Slopes, Fingers Glide Down the Touch Screen.	App Smart: Apps Helps Skiers Get More Out of the Slopes - App Smart
David Gergen says Obama's 2nd inaugural will deepen division.  #Didn'tSeeItComing	Was Obama's historic speech divisive?
Please Read: 's  piece on the gruesome toll of deadly cluster bombs in #Syria:	Gruesome toll of cluster bombs
#CSIS388_Dave Facebook disrupting online dating	How Facebook's Graph Search could disrupt online dating
U.S. steps up involvement in Mallpp#pppj##p#pl###p###p	U.S. steps up involvement in Mali
I Went After Guns. Obama Can, Too.  One of the only things I would agree with Howard on.	Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too.
So Wang Lijun did build a surveillance network. - Chinese Party and Business Officials Fired in Sex Scandal	Chinese Officials Fired Over Sex Scandal
NYTimes: She’s (Rarely) the Boss smart, as usual	Op-Ed Columnist: She?s (Rarely) the Boss
Wow": At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update: "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Hot #Luxury news: Japanese airlines suspend Dreamliner flights after emergency land? , see more	Japanese airlines suspend Dreamliner flights after emergency landing
Everyone should read 's CNN column from today:	America's gun problem is not a race problem
#BREAKING: #Police clash with #protesters calling for dissolution of #Pakistan's government -	Police, protesters clash in Pakistan
Mubarak goes to jail	Egypt's Hosni Mubarak faces retrial
Honestly where are people's rights being ruined in Obama?s Gun Control Proposal	What?s in Obama?s Gun Control Proposal
This is odd! tsk! - Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person	Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person
Great to have  in the Press Pool to discuss his piece on the President's push for gun control.	Biden Meets With House Democrats on Gun-Violence Proposals
The classic American fame and blame game. The Point of Lance	Op-Ed Columnist: The Point of Lance Armstrong
#Djokovic sets sights on #Paris party	Djokovic: 3 Aussie wins in a row
#Pakistan’s Premier Intervenes in Fire Inquiry	Pakistan?s Ashraf Intervenes in Fatal Fire Investigation
Kinship care & siblings: After #FosterCare Yrs, a Woman Becomes a Role Model for Her Sisters	The Neediest Cases: After Foster Care, Becoming a Role Model for Her Sisters
Looks like we could get something right	GOP balks at gun control proposals
You should read this: The Lifting of a Veil, Discreetly	The TV Watch: Jodie Foster Lifts a Veil at Golden Globes
Interesting Piece! Being Bin Laden  #films #zerodarkthirty	Op-Ed Contributor: I Played Osama bin Laden in ?Zero Dark Thirty?
U ds boi ehn": Piers slams guest over AR-15s "	Piers, guest clash over AR-15s
Bad tweet (news) of the day": For Rape Victims in India,Police r Often Part of Problem reports "	For Rape Victims in India, Police Are Often Part of the Problem
These Law Enforcers Will Stop at Nothing	Movie Review: ?Gangster Squad? With Sean Penn, Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone
Populist without a backbone elected by popular vote supported by heavy media campaign #Zeman #CzechRepublic	Former Prime Minister Is Elected President of Czech Republic
Artley: Getting 10 million Twitter followers	How to get 10 million followers on Twitter
hmmm she's filing for bankruptcy..	Casey Anthony files for bankruptcy
#Mali Need Not Be France?s Afghanistan	IHT Rendezvous: Mali Need Not Be France's Afghanistan
War on Evil? War on Sociopaths? Banning guns sounds like it will work a lot better than that War on Drugs stuff.	Obama Gun Proposal to Look Beyond Mass Shootings
be safe. i've heard on the news about china's air pollution that is terrible	China Allows Media to Report Alarming Air Pollution Crisis
A Heroic Doctor Returns to Congo	Doctor Returns to Congo and Is Hailed as a Hero
NYTimes: D. Brainerd Holmes, a Leader in Space Race, Dies at 91	D. Brainerd Holmes, Top NASA Official, Dies at 91
179 republicans vote no ... House Approves $50.7 Billion in Emergency Aid for #Sandy Victims	House Approves $50.7 Billion in Emergency Aid for Storm Victims
Nobel-winning economist on why we should care about #climate change.	On the Non-equivalence of Greenhouse Gases and Entitlement Spending
NYT Most Emailed: Pentagon Set to Lift Ban on Women in Combat Roles: The groundbreaking decision overturns a 199...	Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat
It is laughable to believe the whole story, they never met? Image Becomes a Puzzle as Theories on Te?o Swirl	Image of Manti Te?o Becomes Puzzle as Theories Swirl
Who'd have thought an American hero could be a Canadian? NYT: Man Who Sheltered Americans in Tehran, Dies at 88	John Sheardown, Canadian Who Sheltered Americans in Tehran, Dies at 88
'Vampire Diaries' spinoff coming to The CW, it's based in Nola!	'Vampire Diaries' spinoff pilot coming to The CW
Poor creature MT  Amid 2d-guessing, marine rescuers decide not to remove stricken dolphin from Gowanus Canal.	The Hard Decision Not to Rescue an Ailing Dolphin
CNN: Egypt clashes: A stern Egyptian court ruling tied to a soccer riot spurred clashes that left at least 30 pe...	Egypt deploys troops to Suez to quell 'out of control' clashes
lance armstrong quotes, pure gold	Lance's classic quotes
Gas prices creep up a bit	Gas prices tick up slightly
Indian Star (Sania Mirza) Tells of Life and Marriage in Media Fishbowl	Straight Sets: Indian Star Tells of Life and Marriage in Media Fishbowl
Parent is defined as a point of origin. I'm not done being the best parent I can be for Ben. Not by a very long measure	Families of Newtown School Massacre Victims Organize Against Gun Violence
New #Facebook changes afoot - not to your profile (phew!) - rather a new feature, #GraphSearch.	Facebook introduces 'Graph Search'
Parsing What Jodie Foster Did (and Didn't) Say  Gotta be honest: I had not idea what she was saying. #goldenglobes	The Carpetbagger: Parsing What Jodie Foster Did (and Didn't Say)
Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist and a Creator of RSS, Is Dead at 26, Apparently a Suicide.	Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist, Dies at 26
MT : NY Health Chief Defends Decision Not to Evacuate Hospitals  \\ the importance of disaster OM	New York Health Chief Defends Decision Not to Evacuate Hospitals
a case when you might want to take someone else's shit...	Disgusting, Maybe, but Treatment Works, Study Finds
Good article on the economics & culture that fuels pro cycling. NYTimes: Looking Upstream in Doping Cases	Critics Take a Look Upstream in Doping Scandals
#Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any #Veteran Who Wants a #Job	Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans
awful way to go out...": At least 220 killed in Brazil nightclub fire "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
The importance of taking a day off	The importance of a 'stop day'
Care of the Elderly: the opportunity of food is more than meals on wheels.	Study: More to Meal Delivery Than Food
NYTimes: Talking, Walking Objects (this is a fantasy world for geeky me)	Opinion: Our Talking, Walking Objects
I think a bunch of UCI suits need to change their pants NYTimes: Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials
What a dope(r)... NYTimes: Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials
'Million Man March' Threatens #Pakistan Capital - CNN,	'Million Man March' promises to paralyze Pakistani capital
This is gonna be fantastic for entertainment:	?South Park? Creators to Start Company, Important Studios
": Voice of Charlie Brown arrested, charged. " Please tell me he said good grief...	Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged
, is this anti-free speech new French law about Twitter must identify racist, anti-Semitic posters,  via	French court: Twitter must identify racist users
Flu season is here, let's clear something up: "Do I Need a Flu Shot if I?ve Had the Flu?"	Ask Well: Do I Need a Flu Shot if I've Had the Flu?
Kobe Bryant, wife say they are calling off #divorce -	Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce
Inspiring article by Chelsea Clinton about volunteering this Saturday - National Day of Service	Clinton: We can make a difference
Did you read the  #Opinionator the relationship between parents & teachers? Liza Lee was interviewed.  #edchat	Opinionator | Schooling: The Dicey Parent-Teacher Duet
MT  Design Now Rivals Technology in Importance	Disruptions: Disruptions: Design Is Driving Technology Forward
uhhhh 10 reasons we can't get enough Gosling yummie	Why we can't get enough Gosling (Duh!)
Java vulnerability due to incomplete patch (from )	Critical Java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch
NYTimes: GREAT OBIT on Dear Abby.	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94
Robots making US more competitive in manufacturing:	Robot Makers Spread Global Gospel of Automation
Florida's Burmese Python issue leads to snake killing contest. - ...	Florida tackling python problem with hunting contest
Homicide Tracking Site Expanding to #Chicago  Love it. Great call & Congrats	Media Decoder Blog: Homicide Tracking Site Expanding to Chicago
180! “: At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire ”	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Are you better off "playing for a tie" in #investing:	Strategies: In Investing, at Least, It Makes Sense to Play for a Tie
Boost Your Flu Shot Response With Exercise	Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency
For Obama?s New Term, Start Here - Nick Kristof for NYT	Op-Ed Columnist: For Obama?s Second Term, Start Here
Worst nightmare! ": At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update: "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Anyone tried this?? Amazon giving you free MP3s your CDs	Amazon giving you free MP3s of your CDs
Damn, maybe I shouldn't be so sanguine about the London fog:	Helicopter crashes in London rush hour
#NYC school bus drivers go on strike  NYC school bus corruption & in some cases organized crime	New York School Bus Drivers Go on Strike
How about a path to #citizenship for those already caught crossing the #border ? #Citizenship Path in One Fast Push	Obama Will Seek Citizenship Path in One Fast Push
Good Read. Agree - Mostly ": Parents? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades  "	Parents? Financial Support Linked to College Grades
J.J. Abrams set to direct ?Star Wars: Episode VII?	J.J. Abrams to Direct Next 'Star Wars' Movie
To face someone that already shot a student.. ": I'm no hero, says teacher who talked down armed student. "	Teacher talks armed student into giving up, police say
() Brazil hosts largest fag parade in the world. #FagsDoomNations 245 people killed in Brazil club fire.	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Tea Party Unhappy. Fox News Fires Sarah #Palin	Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways
on point...5 Wine Words Not to Fear	The Pour: In Describing Wines, 5 Words Not to Fear
See also: NYTimes: In Quebec, a Celebration on Skis	In Quebec, a Winter Celebration on Skis
Life begins at conception, unless cas is involved.	Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person
This would be a very, very bad idea DPRK. North Korea threatens South Korea ove UN sanctions:	North Korea Turns Its Ire on South Korea
In N.A.A.C.P., Industry Gets Ally Against Soda Ban  hmmmmmmmm . . . .	In Court, N.A.A.C.P. Adds Voice Against Bloomberg?s Soda Ban
About damn time!!! New York governor signs nation's first gun-control bill since Newtown -	New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting
Unemployment in #Spain Climbs Again, With No Relief in Sight...	Spanish Joblessness Climbs Again, With No Relief in Sight
Timothy Cook, Apple?s CEO, said the pipeline of products was ?chock-full.? ?We feel great about what we have in store?	Apple?s Profits Are Flat, and Stock Drops
Read that Facebook has launched a new tool () to search its huge database of social graph data.	Bits Blog: Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool
Don't know why I can't stop reading about him - A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause	Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause
I wish I could see this, it sounds cool! Second Stage Adds 'Nobody Loves You'	ArtsBeat: Second Stage Theater Adds 'Nobody Loves You'
NYTimes: #LindaRissPugach, Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines, Dies at 75  #crazylove	Linda Riss Pugach, 1937-2013: Linda Riss Pugach, Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines, Dies at 75
3D version of ?Top Gun? was rejected by #China's censors. The line "religion is darkness' in "Life of Pi" gt the X too	In Hollywood Movies for China, Bureaucrats Want a Say
.  Kobe just saved about $100 Mil	Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce
NY Times Communications Executive Bob Christie Is Leaving . One of the industry's few good spokespeople.	Times Communications Executive Is Leaving
RIP I have no words :( At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire -	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Property Values: What You Get for ... $1.6 Million	Property Values: Real Estate for $1.6 Million
#Twolves fans should read this piece on KG by  in the NYTimes	Either With Him or Against Him
India is a shockingly bad place to be a woman - how can it be so backwards??	India?s New Focus on Rape Shows Only the Surface of Women?s Perils
Be careful what you eat -- particularly at restaurants!!!	9 calorie bombs at restaurants
#Britain’s Prime Minister Defends Decision to Seek Vote on #EuropeanUnion	U.K. Prime Minister Defends Decision to Seek E.U. Vote
Where in the world is Àfrica? Selection of the Boeing 787's Battery Maker Raises Questions	Common Sense: Selection of the Boeing 787?s Battery Maker Raises Questions
women have 'taken their posts with such seamless calm that the country barely noticed.'	Op-Ed Columnist: Military Women and the Front Lines
Justice Thomas hasn't said a single word in the Supreme Court in 7 years.He broke his silence.He said "Well he did not"	Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court
Kids can't trust anyone!! ": 50 arrested in Florida child sex sting - including several teachers: "	Teachers among 50 arrested in child sex sting
Pentagon to lift combat ban	Pentagon ends ban on women in combat
U.S., other nations ground Boeing Dreamliners over fire risk  (CNN)	U.S., other nations ground Dreamliners
I don't normally agree with former PM John Howard - but he is spot on about gun control in the US	Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too.
Need a rubber stamp of Chairman Mao or Lady Godiva on her horse? Ink Pad in the W. Village has got 'em. #NabeJoint	Neighborhood Joint | West Village: 10,000 Rubber Stamps at Ink Pad in the West Village
HE Arts Beat Producer Says James Brown Biopic Is Finally a Go: The producers says he's gotten the rights from th...	ArtsBeat: James Brown Biopic Finally Gets Go Ahead
This is interesting - NYTimes: Parents? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades	Parents? Financial Support Linked to College Grades
Ishikawa and Wiratchant Invited to Augusta	Ryo Ishikawa and Thaworn Wiratchant Get Invites to Masters
Great idea":Should make capital gains regressive over time, based upon how long capital invested  #StartupAct"	Are we living the capitalist's dilemma?
Pentagon breaking news, this going to be a big debate.	Pentagon to open combat jobs to women
Omo dey go tey : Opinion: Nigerians still waiting for their 'African Spring' Sowore -	Nigeria waits for 'African Spring'
Not in my diet but hamburger eaters should be aware *Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain & Ireland -	Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain and Ireland
Online internet Aaron Swartz  commits suicide, relative says	Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide
Got a flu shot? Exercising can make it work even better. from	Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency
For #Armstrong it's about rebuilding a revenue stream the same as always.  #doprah	For Armstrong, a Confession Without Explanation
Disruptions: Design Rivals Technology in Importance   : Nice quotes!	Disruptions: Disruptions: Design Is Driving Technology Forward
Before there was Dear Sugar, there was Deary Abby: Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions, Dies at 94	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94
"France Is Increasing Security at Sites in #Niger and at Home."  #Uranium #Mali	France Is Increasing Security at Uranium Sites in Niger
On trial over the illegal use of sea unicorn parts:  #dailywhale	2 Linked to Smuggling Narwhal Tusks Plead Not Guilty
N. Korea defiant on U.N. sanctions	U.N. Security Council slams North Korea, expands sanctions
Training Tips From Star Athletes  #motivation #fitness	Personal Best: Training Insights From Star Athletes
Interesting article! She’s (Rarely) the Boss	Op-Ed Columnist: She?s (Rarely) the Boss
Christensen: We are living capitalist's dilemma	Are we living the capitalist's dilemma?
the ginger in me loves that world's #1 bachelor is part of the #gingerfamily	Prince Harry most eligible bachelor
:-\ HMV gone into bankruptcy equivalent...	DealBook: British Retailer HMV Enters Equivalent of Bankruptcy
Really people??? ?: Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission ?	Readers sue Armstrong for book refund
British Woman Sentenced to Death in Bali Drug Case	British Grandmother Sentenced to Death for Smuggling Cocaine Into Bali
DAILY REVIEW: Selected Letters of William Styron  #Review	?Selected Letters of William Styron?
Bread lasts longer out of the refrigerator.	Storing bread in the freezer you can store for several days and keep it soft.
Some people I know claim it imparts the salt flavor to meat, without any of the actual sodium being present.	Salt is a good means to control/suppress flames and flareups without having a cooling effect on the coals.
Soaking for a while in cold water beforehand also helps tame the bitterness.	Braising gently in milk will also, I find, help with bitterness.
Probably use it quickly, I would think...	If you want it light, you need to use it quickly, as the bubbles will disappate over time.
The carrots are rotten.	When carrots turn black, it is almost always caused by rot.
I think you're looking for a "sandwich press.	The device is called a "panini press" and they're available fairly small
Could be Topaz Adjust, or any HDR program.	I used Photoshop with Topaz Labs Denoise and Adjust
The CN Tower in Toronto seems pretty good too: 22 km per hour	The worlds fastest elevator: Burj Khalifa with 64 km per hour Though, the speed of the elevator to the observation deck is 36 km per hour
If you are going to Italy, the Video Game Museum ViGaMus in Rome will be the place to visit.	The Computerspielemuseum in Berlin claims to have been "the world's first permanent exhibition devoted to digital interactive entertainment culture."
It is Santorini.	According to Google Image, it should be Santorini.
Pretty sure you're thinking of The Host by Stephanie Meyer, of Twilight fame.	I finally found it: It's The Lives of Tao by Wesley Chu
Sounds vaguely like Paycheck.	Sounds almost like Greg Egan's Quarantine but as far as I know that's only a novel.
I think you mean self-inflicted (of an injury) having been inflicted on oneself by oneself or self-induced induced or brought on by oneself or itself	Consider self-defeating causing the same problems that you were intending to solve
Perhaps realize: "He realized his full power."	He has unleashed his full potential.
I have heard the phrase "gal pal" used in this way.	Personally I typically use "guy friends" and "lady friends" to avoid the relationship connotation.
The notion of groupthink is closely related.	Perhaps they are members of a mutual admiration society.
In technical computer manuals we use the word "deprecate".	I would suggest "advise against." 
Consider uncomprehending Not understanding; having little or no comprehension.	You may want to use oblivious.
He is a dependent friend.	He may be called a moocher.
It went from bad to worse	Out of the frying pan, into the fire.
A person who is demoralized may give up easily.	A defeatist expects to fail, and therefor, either does not try at all or tries in a half-hearted manner.
The term sorted seems to cover both alphabetic and numeric.	"Collated" is a more general term that encompasses both alphabetical and numeric sorting.
A Pyrrhic victory	Cutting off your nose to spite your face
How about trashy?	Garbage is suitable, I think.
I would say weakened or lost.	Without more context, it's difficult to know, but I'd try "Faded" (means the same as "reduced") or "changed".
the path is completed by the voltage meter	terminal 2 is not separated from the negative battery terminal
it is connected to the batteries positive terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Because terminal 1 was hooked u to the positive terminal which is automatically 1.5 V	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
because of the gap	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
that the battery has created a short circut and is dangerous	there is a short circuit
the battery is not in the closed path	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
Terminal 2 had a 0.00 V.	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
they are contained in the same closed path	B and C are in the same path
there was no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 and terminal 2.	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
a closed path is required	the circuit has a closed path
The electrical state is broken.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 2.	There is no gap between terminals 1 and 2
There is no gap, same electrical state.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
because only one of the bulb terminals is bad.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
bulb a and bulb c still had a complete path to the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Terminal 1 is connected tot he positive terminal.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
The electrical state for the bulb terminal and the battery terminal will have a charge of 0 if connected so if the charge is anything that isn"t 0 V, there is a gap at that bulb	A non-zero voltage means that there is a gap
The have the same electrical states	The terminals are in the same state.
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are connected to each other.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
it was still connected to the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the electrical state will be different in the gap	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
Bulb C had an open path with the battery	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
Because when the voltage goes from 1.5 to 0.0 you can locate the gap.	A non-zero voltage means that there is a gap
Where there is a difference in electrical state, that is where the gap in the connection is.	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
the bulb terminal has no gap and the bulb will light	There is a gap.
i had a dream i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared.	a little over a year later i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared.
there is hope in iraq.	there was no threat.
a very clear miscarriage of justice.	i agree on the miscarriage of justice.
ain't that wonderful of the man?	isn't that what you want?
driving on an icy road and wrecking isn't a federal problem until it affects thousands of people.	every winter driving on icy roads affects thousands of people.
as i asked, where's the 6 trillion dollars in that graph?	can you explain where the 6 trillion dollars is in that graph?
this country is far and away better than any other on earth..	no country is perfect, but this country is far and away better than any other on earth.
you know, you're right.	well, you're half right.
he is cutting spending.	i hate bloated spending.
god you guys are dumb.	boy you dummies are dumb..
